As a result , although we still make use of this distinction , there is much confusion as to the meaning of the basic terms employed .
Just what is meant by `` spirit '' and by `` matter '' ? ?
The terms are generally taken for granted as though they referred to direct and axiomatic elements in the common experience of all .
Yet in the contemporary context this is precisely what one must not do .
For in the modern world neither `` spirit '' nor `` matter '' refer to any generally agreed-upon elements of experience .
We are in a transitional stage in which many of the connotations of former usage have had to be revised or rejected .
When the words are used , we are never sure which of the traditional meanings the user may have in mind , or to what extent his revisions and rejections of former understandings correspond to ours .
One of the most widespread features of contemporary thought is the almost universal disbelief in the reality of spirit .
Just a few centuries ago the world of spirits was as populous and real as the world of material entities .
Not only in popular thought but in that of the highly educated as well was this true .
Demons , fairies , angels , and a host of other spiritual beings were as much a part of the experiential world of western man as were rocks and trees and stars .
In such a world the words `` matter '' and `` spirit '' both referred to directly known realities in the common experience of all .
In it important elements of Christianity and of the Biblical view of reality in general , which now cause us much difficulty , could be responded to quite naturally and spontaneously .
The progress of science over these last few centuries and the gradual replacement of Biblical by scientific categories of reality have to a large extent emptied the spirit world of the entities which previously populated it .
In carrying out this program science has undoubtedly performed a very considerable service for which it can claim due credit .
The objectification of the world of spirit in popular superstition had certainly gone far beyond what the experience of spirit could justify or support .
Science is fully competent to deal with any element of experience which arises from an object in space and time .
When , therefore , it turned its attention to the concrete entities with which popular imagination had peopled the world of spirit , these entities soon lost whatever status they had enjoyed as actual elements of external reality .
In doing so science has unquestionably cleared up widespread misconceptions , removed extraneous and illusory sources of fear , and dispelled many undesirable popular superstitions .
There have been , indeed , many important and valuable gains from the development of our present scientific view of the world for which we may be rightly grateful .
All this has not , however , been an unmixed blessing .
The scientific debunking of the spirit world has been in a way too successful and too thorough .
The house has been swept so clean that contemporary man has been left with no means , or at best with wholly inadequate means , for dealing with his experience of spirit .
Although the particular form of conceptualization which popular imagination had made in response to the experience of spirit was undoubtedly defective , the raw experience itself which led to such excesses remains with us as vividly as ever .
We simply find ourselves in the position of having no means for inquiring into the structure and meaning of this range of our experience .
There is no framework or structure of thought with respect to which we can organize it and no part of reality , as we know and apprehend it , with respect to which we can refer this experience .
Science has simply left us helpless and powerless in this important sector of our lives .
The situation in which we find ourselves is brought out with dramatic force in Arthur Miller's play The Crucible , which deals with the Salem witch trials .
As the play opens the audience is introduced to the community of Salem in Puritan America at the end of the eighteenth century .
Aside from a quaint concern with witches and devils which provides the immediate problem in the opening scene , it is a quite normal community .
The conversation of the characters creates an atmosphere suggesting the usual mixture of pleasures , foibles , irritations , and concerns which would characterize the common life of a normal village in any age .
There is no occasion to feel uneasy or disturbed about these people .
Instead , the audience can sit back at ease and , from the perspective of an enlightened time which no longer believes in such things , enjoy the dead seriousness with which the characters in the play take the witches and devils which are under discussion .
A teenage girl , Abigail Williams , is being sharply questioned by her minister uncle , the Reverend Samuel Parris , about a wild night affair in the woods in which she and some other girls had seemed to have had contact with these evil beings .
For all involved in this discussion the devil is a real entity who can really be confronted in the woods on a dark night , the demon world is populated with real creatures , and witches actually can be seen flying through the air .
As the play unfolds , however , the audience is subtly brought into the grip of an awful evil which grows with ominously gathering power and soon engulfs the community .
Everyone in Salem , saint and sinner alike , is swept up by it .
It is like a mysterious epidemic which , starting first with Abigail and Parris , spreads inexorably with a dreadfully growing virulence through the whole town until all have been infected by it .
It grows terribly and unavoidably in power and leaves in its wake a trail of misery , moral disintegration , and destruction .
The audience leaves the play under a spell , It is the kind of spell which the exposure to spirit in its living active manifestation always evokes .
If one asks about this play , what it is that comes upon this community and works within it with such terrible power , there is no better answer to give than `` spirit '' .
This is not to attempt to say what spirit is , but only to employ a commonly used word to designate or simply identify a common experience .
In the end the good man , John Proctor , expresses what the audience has already come to feel when he says , `` A fire , a fire is burning ! !
I hear the boot of Lucifer , I see his filthy face '' ! !
The tragic irony of the play is that the very belief in and concern with a devil who could be met in the woods and combatted with formulae set out in books was the very thing that prevented them from detecting the real devil when he came among them .
We marvel at their blindness for not seeing this .
Yet are not we of the mid-twentieth century , who rightly do not believe there is any such `` thing '' as the devil , just as bad off as they -- only in a different way ? ?
In our disbelief we think that we can no longer even use the word and so are unable to even name the elemental power which is so vividly real in this play .
We are left helpless to cope with it because we do not dare speak of it as anything real for fear that to do so would imply a commitment to that which has already been discredited and proved false .
Even Mr. Miller himself seems uncertain on this score .
In a long commentary which he has inserted in the published text of the first act of the play , he says at one point : `` However , that experience never raised a doubt in his mind as to the reality of the underworld or the existence of Lucifer's many-faced lieutenants .
And his belief is not to his discredit .
Better minds than Hale's were -- and still are -- convinced that there is a society of spirits beyond our ken '' .
 On the other hand , a little later on he says : `` Since 1692 a great but superficial change has wiped out God's beard and the Devil's horns , but the world is still gripped between two diametrically opposed absolutes .
The concept of unity , in which positive and negative are attributes of the same force , in which good and evil are relative , ever-changing , and always joined to the same phenomenon -- such a concept is still reserved to the physical sciences and to the few who have grasped the history of ideas .
When we see the steady and methodical inculcation into humanity of the idea of man's worthlessness -- until redeemed -- the necessity of the Devil may become evident as a weapon , a weapon designed and used time and time again in every age to whip men into a surrender to a particular church or church-state '' .
Apparently he does not intend that those who read or view this play should think of the devil as being actually real .
Yet such is the dramatic power of his writing that the audience is nevertheless left in the grip of the terrible power and potency of that which came over Salem .
It casts a spell upon them so that they leave with a feeling of having been in the mysterious presence of an evil power .
It is not enough in accounting for this feeling to analyze it into the wickedness of individual people added together to produce a cumulative effect .
For this does not account for the integral , elemental power of that which grows with abounding vigor as the play unfolds , nor does it explain the strange numinous sense of presentness which comes over those who watch the play like a spell .
The reality of spirit emerges in this play in spite of the author's convictions to the contrary .
There is nothing in the whole range of human experience more widely known and universally felt than spirit .
Apart from spirit there could be no community , for it is spirit which draws men into community and gives to any community its unity , cohesiveness , and permanence .
Think , for example , of the spirit of the Marine Corps .
Surely this is a reality we all acknowledge .
We cannot , of course , assign it any substance .
It is not material and is not a `` thing '' occupying space and time .
Yet it exists and has an objective reality which can be experienced and known .
So it is too with many other spirits which we all know : the spirit of Nazism or Communism , school spirit , the spirit of a street corner gang or a football team , the spirit of Rotary or the Ku Klux Klan .
Every community , if it is alive has a spirit , and that spirit is the center of its unity and identity .
In searching for clues which might lead us to a fresh apprehension of the reality of spirit , the close connection between spirit and community is likely to prove the most fruitful .
For it is primarily in community that we know and experience spirit .
It is spirit which gives life to a community and causes it to cohere .
It is the spirit which is the source of a community's drawing power by means of which others are drawn into it from the world outside so that the community grows and prospers .
Yet the spirit which lives in community is not identical with the community .
The idea of community and the idea of spirit are two distinct and separable ideas .
One characteristic of the spirit in community is its givenness .
The members of the community do not create the spirit but rather find it present and waiting for them .
It is for them a given which they and they alone possess .
The spirit of the Marine Corps was present and operative before any of the present members of it came into it .
It is they , of course , who keep it alive and preserve it so the same spirit will continue to be present in the Corps for future recruits to find as they come into it .
If the content of faith is to be presented today in a form that can be `` understanded of the people '' -- and this , it must not be forgotten , is one of the goals of the perennial theological task -- there is no other choice but to abandon completely a mythological manner of representation .
This does not mean that mythological language as such can no longer be used in theology and preaching .
The absurd notion that demythologization entails the expurgation of all mythological concepts completely misrepresents Bultmann's intention .
His point is not that mythology may not be used , but that it may no longer be regarded as the only or even the most appropriate conceptuality for expressing the Christian kerygma .
When we say that a mythological mode of thought must be completely abandoned , we mean it must be abandoned as the sole or proper means for presenting the Christian understanding of existence .
Mythological concepts may by all means still be used , but they can be used responsibly only as `` symbols '' or `` ciphers '' , that is , only if they are also constantly interpreted in nonmythological ( or existential ) terms .
The statement is often made that when Bultmann argues in this way , he `` overestimates the intellectual stumbling-block which myth is supposed to put in the way of accepting the Christian faith '' .
But this statement is completely unconvincing .
If Bultmann's own definition of myth is strictly adhered to ( and it is interesting that this is almost never done by those who make such pronouncements ) , the evidence is overwhelming that he does not at all exaggerate the extent to which the mythological concepts of traditional theology have become incredible and irrelevant .
Nor is it necessary to look for such evidence in the great urban centers of our culture that are admittedly almost entirely secularized and so profoundly estranged from the conventional forms in which the gospel has been communicated .
On the contrary , even in the heart of `` the Bible belt '' itself , as can be attested by any one who is called to work there , the industrial and technological revolutions have long been under way , together with the corresponding changes in man's picture of himself and his world .
In fact , it is in just such a situation that the profundity of Bultmann's argument is disclosed .
Although the theological forms of the past continue to exist in a way they do not in a more secularized situation , the striking thing is the rapidity with which they are being reduced to a marginal existence .
This is especially in evidence among the present generation of the suburban middle class .
Time and again in counseling and teaching , one encounters members of this group whose attempts to bring into some kind of unity the insubstantial mythologies of their `` fundamentalist '' heritage and the stubborn reality of the modern world are only too painfully obvious .
The same thing is also evidenced by the extreme `` culture-Protestantism '' so often observed to characterize the preaching and teaching of the American churches .
In the absence of a truly adequate conceptuality in which the gospel can be expressed , the unavoidable need to demythologize it makes use of whatever resources are at hand -- and this usually means one or another of the various forms of `` folk religion '' current in the situation .
This is not to say that the only explanation of the present infatuation with Norman Vincent Peale's `` cult of reassurance '' or the other types of a purely cultural Christianity is the ever-present need for a demythologized gospel .
But it is to say that this need is far more important for such infatuation than most of the pundits seem to have suspected .
However , even if the latent demand for demythologization is not nearly as widespread as we are claiming , at least among the cultured elements of the population there tends to be an almost complete indifference to the church and its traditional message of sin and grace .
To be sure , when this is pointed out , a common response among certain churchmen is to fulminate about `` the little flock '' and `` the great crowd '' and to take solace from Paul's castigation of the `` wisdom of the wise '' in the opening chapter of First Corinthians .
But can we any longer afford the luxury of such smug indigation ? ?
Can the church risk assuming that the `` folly '' of men is as dear to God as their `` wisdom '' , or , as is also commonly implied , that `` the foolishness of God '' and `` the foolishness of men '' are simply two ways of talking about the same thing ? ?
Can we continue to alienate precisely those whose gifts we so desperately need and apart from whose co-operation our mission in the world must become increasingly precarious ? ?
There is an ancient and venerable tradition in the church ( which derives , however , from the heritage of the Greeks rather than from the Bible ) that God is completely independent of his creation and so has no need of men for accomplishing his work in the world .
By analogy , the church also has been regarded as entirely independent of the `` world '' in the sense of requiring nothing from it in order to be the church .
But , as Scripture everywhere reminds us , God does have need of his creatures , and the church , a fortiori , can ill afford to do without the talents with which the world , by God's providence , presents it .
And yet this is exactly the risk we run when we assume , as we too often do , that we can continue to preach the gospel in a form that makes it seem incredible and irrelevant to cultured men .
Until we translate this gospel into a language that enlightened men today can understand , we are depriving ourselves of the very resources on which the continued success of our witness most certainly depends .
In arguing in this way , we are obviously taking for granted that a demythologized restatement of the kerygma can be achieved ; ;
and that we firmly believe this will presently become evident when we set forth reasons to justify such a conviction .
But the main point here is that even if such a restatement were not possible , the demand to demythologize the kerygma would still be unavoidable .
This is what we mean when we say this demand must be accepted without condition .
If to be a Christian means to say yes where I otherwise say no , or where I do not have the right to say anything at all , then my only choice is to refuse to be a Christian .
Expressed differently : if the price for becoming a faithful follower of Jesus Christ is some form of self-destruction , whether of the body or of the mind -- sacrificium corporis , sacrificium intellectus -- then there is no alternative but that the price remain unpaid .
This must be stressed because it is absolutely essential to the argument of this concluding chapter .
Modern man , as Dietrich Bonhoeffer has told us , has `` come of age '' ; ;
and though this process by no means represents an unambiguous gain and is , in fact , marked by the estrangement from the depths that seems to be the cost of human maturation , it is still a positive step forward ; ;
and those of us who so richly benefit from it should be the last to despise it .
In any event , it is an irreversible step , and if we are at all honest with ourselves , we will know we have no other alternative than to live in the world in which God has seen fit to place us .
To say this , of course , is to take up a position on one side of a controversy going on now for some two hundred years , or , at any rate , since the beginning of the distinctively modern period in theological thought .
We have aligned ourselves with that `` liberal '' tradition in Protestant Christianity that counts among the great names in its history those of Schleiermacher , Ritschl , Herrmann , Harnack , and Troeltsch , and more recently , Schweitzer and the early Barth and , in part at least , Bultmann .
It is to this same tradition that most of the creative figures in the last century and a half of American theology also belong .
For we must number here not only the names of Bushnell , Clarke , and Rauschenbusch , not to mention those of `` the Chicago School '' and Macintosh , but those of the brothers Niebuhr and ( if America may claim him ! !
) Tillich as well .
Finally , we may also mention the several members of the self-consciously `` neoliberal '' movement that developed at the University of Chicago and is heavily indebted philosophically to the creative work of Alfred North Whitehead .
What makes this long and diverse tradition essentially one is that those who have belonged to it have been profoundly in earnest about being modern men in a distinctively modern world .
Although they have also been concerned to stand squarely within the tradition of the apostolic church , they have exhibited no willingness whatever to sacrifice their modernity to their Christianity .
They have insisted , rather , on living fully and completely within modern culture and , so far from considering this treason to God , have looked upon it as the only way they could be faithful to him .
When we say , then , that today , in our situation , the demand for demythologization must be accepted without condition , we are simply saying that at least this much of the liberal tradition is an enduring achievement .
However much we may have to criticize liberal theology's constructive formulations , the theology we ourselves must strive to formulate can only go beyond liberalism , not behind it .
In affirming this we have already taken the decisive step in breaking the deadlock into which Bultmann's attempt to formulate such a theology has led .
For we have said , in effect , that of the two alternatives to his position variously represented by the other participants in the demythologizing discussion , only one is really an alternative .
If the demand for demythologization is unavoidable and so must be accepted by theology unconditionally , the position of the `` right '' is clearly untenable .
Whereas Bultmann's `` center '' position is structurally inconsistent and is therefore indefensible on formal grounds alone , the general position of the `` right '' , as represented , say , by Karl Barth , involves the rejection or at least qualification of the demand for demythologization and so is invalidated on the material grounds we have just considered .
It follows , then , provided the possibilities have been exhausted , that the only real alternative is the general viewpoint of the `` left '' , which has been represented on the Continent by Fritz Buri and , to some extent at least , is found in much that is significant in American and English theology .
In order to make the implications of our position as clear as possible , we may develop this argument at greater length .
We may show , first , that there cannot possibly be an alternative other than the three typically represented by Bultmann , Barth , and Buri .
To do this , it is sufficient to point out that if the principle in terms of which alternatives are to be conceived is such as to exclude more than two , then the question of a `` third '' possibility is a meaningless question .
Thus , if what is at issue is whether `` All S is P '' , it is indifferent whether `` Some S is not P '' or `` No S is P '' , since in either case the judgment in question is false .
Hence , if what is in question is whether in a given theology myth is or is not completely rejected , it is unimportant whether only a little bit of myth or a considerable quantity is accepted ; ;
for , in either event , the first possibility is excluded .
Therefore , the only conceivable alternatives are those represented , on the one hand , by the two at least apparently self-consistent but mutually exclusive positions of Buri and Barth and , on the other hand , by the third but really pseudo position ( analogous to a round square ) of Bultmann .
A second point requires more extended comment .
It will be recalled from the discussion in Section 7 that the position of the `` right '' , as represented by Barth , rests on the following thesis : The only tenable alternative to Bultmann's position is a theology that ( 1 ) rejects or at least qualifies his unconditioned demand for demythologization and existential interpretation ; ;
( 2 ) accepts instead a special biblical hermeneutics or method of interpretation ; ;
and ( 3 ) in so doing , frees itself to give appropriate emphasis to the event Jesus Christ by means of statements that , from Bultmann's point of view , are mythological .
One hundred years ago there existed in England the Association for the Promotion of the Unity of Christendom .
Representing as it did the efforts of only unauthorized individuals of the Roman and Anglican Churches , and urging a communion of prayer unacceptable to Rome , this association produced little fruit , and , in fact , was condemned by the Holy Office in 1864 .
Now again in 1961 , in England , there is perhaps nothing in the religious sphere so popularly discussed as Christian unity .
The Church Unity Octave , January 18-25 , was enthusiastically devoted to prayer and discussion by the various churches .
Many people seem hopeful , yet it is difficult to predict whether or not there will be any more real attainment of Christian unity in 1961 than there was in 1861 .
But it must be readily seen that the religious picture in England has so greatly changed during these hundred years as to engender hope , at least on the Catholic side .
For the `` tide is well on the turn '' , as the London Catholic weekly Universe has written .
I came to England last summer to do research on the unpublished letters of Cardinal Newman .
As an American Catholic of Irish ancestry , I came with certain preconceptions and expectations ; ;
being intellectually influenced by Newman and the general 19th-century literature of England , I knew only a Protestant-dominated country .
Since arriving here , however , I have formed a far different religious picture of present-day England .
In representing part of this new picture , I will be recounting some of my own personal experiences , reactions and judgments ; ;
but my primary aim is to transcribe what Englishmen themselves are saying and writing and implying about the Roman and Anglican Churches and about the present religious state of England .
Since the Protestant clergy for the most part wear gray or some variant from the wholly black suit , my Roman collar and black garb usually identify me in England as a Roman Catholic cleric .
In any case , I have always been treated with the utmost courtesy by Englishmen , even in Devonshire and Cornwall , where anti-Catholic feeling has supposedly existed the strongest and longest .
Nowhere have I seen public expression of anti-Catholicism .
On my first Guy Fawkes Day here , I found Catholics as well as non-Catholics celebrating with the traditional fireworks and bonfires , and was told that most Englishmen either do not know or are not concerned with the historical significance of the day .
A Birmingham newspaper printed in a column for children an article entitled `` The True Story of Guy Fawkes '' , which began :
`` When you pile your `` guy '' on the bonfire tomorrow night , I wonder how much of the true story of Guy Fawkes you will remember ? ?
In the 355 years since the first Guy Fawkes Night , much of the story has been forgotten , so here is a reminder '' .
The article proceeded to give an inaccurate account of a Catholic plot to kill King James 1 .
In spite of the increase in numbers and prestige brought about by the conversions of Newman and other Tractarians of the 1840's and 1850's , the Catholic segment of England one hundred years ago was a very small one ( four per cent , or 800,000 ) which did not enjoy a gracious hearing from the general public .
The return of the Catholic hierarchy in 1850 was looked upon with indignant disapprobation and , in fact , was charged with being a gesture of disloyalty .
In 1864 Newman professedly had to write his Apologia with his keenest feelings in order to be believed and to command a fair hearing from English readers .
Now , in 1961 , the Catholic population of England is still quite small ( ten per cent , or 5 million ) ; ;
yet it represents a very considerable percentage of the churchgoing population .
A Protestant woman marveled to me over the large crowds going in and out of the Birmingham Oratory ( Catholic ) Church on Sunday mornings .
She found this a marvel because , as she said , only six per cent of English people are churchgoers .
She may not have been exact on this number , but others here feel quite certain that the percentage would be less than ten .
From many sides come remarks that Protestant churches are badly attended and the large medieval cathedrals look all but empty during services .
A Catholic priest recently recounted how in the chapel of a large city university , following Anglican evensong , at which there was a congregation of twelve , he celebrated Mass before more than a hundred .
The Protestant themselves are the first to admit the great falling off in effective membership in their churches .
According to a newspaper report of the 1961 statistics of the Church of England , the `` total of confirmed members is 9,748,000 , but only 2,887,671 are registered on the parochial church rolls '' , and `` over 27 million people in England are baptized into the Church of England , but roughly only a tenth of them continue '' .
An amazing article in the Manchester Guardian of last November , entitled `` Fate Of Redundant Churches '' , states than an Archbishops' Commission `` reported last month that in the Church of England alone there are 790 churches which are redundant now , or will be in 20 years' time .
A further 260 Anglican churches have been demolished since 1948 '' .
And in the last five years , the `` Methodist chapel committee has authorized the demolition or , more often , the sale of 764 chapels '' .
Most of these former churches are now used as warehouses , but `` neither Anglicans nor Nonconformists object to selling churches to Roman Catholics '' , and have done so .
While it must be said that these same Protestants have built some new churches during this period , and that religious population shifts have emptied churches , a principal reason for this phenomenon of redundancy is that fewer Protestants are going to church .
It should be admitted , too , that there is a good percentage of lapsed or nonchurchgoing Catholics ( one paper writes 50 per cent ) .
Still , it is clear from such reports , and apparently clear from the remarks of many people , that Protestants are decreasing and Catholics increasing .
An Anglican clergyman in Oxford sadly but frankly acknowledged to me that this is true .
A century ago , Newman saw that liberalism ( what we now might call secularism ) would gradually but definitely make its mark on English Protestantism , and that even high Anglicanism would someday no longer be a `` serviceable breakwater against doctrinal errors more fundamental than its own '' .
That day is perhaps today , 1961 , and it seems no longer very meaningful to call England a `` Protestant country '' .
One of the ironies of the present crusade for Christian unity is that there are not , relatively speaking , many real Christians to unite .
Many English Catholics are proud of their Catholicism and know that they are in a new ascendancy .
The London Universe devoted its centenary issue last December 8 to mapping out various aspects of Catholic progress during the last one hundred years .
With traditional nationalistic spirit , some Englishmen claim that English Catholicism is Catholicism at its best .
I have found myself saying with other foreigners here that English Catholics are good Catholics .
It has been my experience to find as many men as women in church , and to hear almost everyone in church congregations reciting the Latin prayers and responses at Mass .
They hope , of course , to reclaim the non-Catholic population to the Catholic faith , and at every Sunday Benediction they recite by heart the `` Prayer for England '' :
`` O Blessed Virgin Mary , Mother of God and our most gentle queen and mother , look down in mercy upon England , thy `` dowry '' , and upon us all who greatly hope and trust in thee .
Intercede for our separated brethren , that with us in the one true fold they may be united to the chief Shepherd , the vicar of thy Son .
'' A hymn often to be heard in Catholic churches is `` Faith Of Our Fathers '' , which glories in England's ancient faith that endured persecution , and which proclaims : `` Faith of our Fathers : Mary's prayers Shall win our country back to thee '' .
The English saints are widely venerated , quite naturally , and now there is great hope that the Forty Martyrs and Cardinal Newman will soon be canonized .
Because they have kept the faith of their medieval fathers , English Catholics have always strongly resented the charge of being `` un-English '' .
I have not seen this charge made during my stay here , but apparently it is still in the air .
For example , a writer in a recent number of The Queen hyperbolically states that `` of the myriad imprecations the only one which the English Catholics really resent is the suggestion that they are ' un-English ' '' .
In this connection , it has been observed that the increasing number of Irish Catholics , priests and laity , in England , while certainly seen as good for Catholicism , is nevertheless a source of embarrassment for some of the more nationalistic English Catholics , especially when these Irishmen offer to remind their Christian brethren of this good .
One of the more noteworthy changes that have taken place since the mid-19th century is the situation of Catholics at Oxford and Cambridge Universities .
At Oxford one hundred years ago there were very few Catholics , partly because religious tests were removed only in 1854 .
Moreover , for those few there was almost no ecclesiastical representation in the city to care for their religious needs .
Now , not only are there considerably more laity as students and professors at Oxford , but there are also numerous houses of religious orders existing in respectable and friendly relations with the non-Catholic members of the University .
Some Catholic priests lecture there ; ;
Catholic seminarians attend tutorials and row on the Cherwell with non-Catholic students .
Further evidence that Roman Catholicism enjoys a more favorable position today than in 1861 is the respectful attention given to it in the mass media of England .
The general tone of articles appearing in such important newspapers as the Manchester Guardian and the Sunday Observer implies a kindly recognition that the Catholic Church is now at least of equal stature in England with the Protestant churches .
On successive Sundays during October , 1960 , Paul Ferris ( a non-Catholic ) wrote articles in the Observer depicting clergymen of the Church of England , the Church of Rome and the Nonconformist Church .
The Catholic priest , though somewhat superficially drawn , easily came out the best .
There were many letters of strong protest against the portrait of the Anglican clergyman , who was indeed portrayed as a man not particularly concerned with religious matters and without really very much to do as clergyman .
Such a series of articles was certainly never printed in the public press of mid-Victorian England .
There was so much interest shown in this present-day venture that it was continued on B.B.C. , where comments were equally made by an Anglican parson , a Free Church minister and a Catholic priest .
Catholic priests have frequently appeared on television programs , sometimes discussing the Christian faith on an equal footing with Protestant clergymen .
A notable example of this was the discussion of Christian unity by the Catholic Archbishop of Liverpool , Dr. Heenan , and the Anglican Archbishop of York , Dr. Ramsey , recently appointed Archbishop of Canterbury .
The good feeling which exists between these two important church figures is now well known in England .
The Holy Sacrifice of the Mass with commentary has been televised several times in recent months .
And it was interesting to observe that B.B.C.'s television film on Christmas Eve was The Bells Of St. Mary's .
Of course , the crowning event that has dramatically upset the traditional pattern of English religious history was the friendly visit paid by Dr. Fisher , then Anglican Archbishop of Canterbury , to the Vatican last December .
It was the first time an English Primate has done this since the 14th century .
English Catholics reacted to this event with moderate but real hope .
Almost daily something is reported which feeds this Catholic hope in England : statistics of the increasing numbers of converts and Irish Catholic immigrants ; ;
news of a Protestant minister in Leamington who has offered to allow a Catholic priest to preach from his pulpit ; ;
a report that a Catholic nun had been requested to teach in a non-Catholic secondary school during the sickness of one of its masters ; ;
the startling statement in a respectable periodical that `` Catholics , if the present system is still in operation , will constitute almost one-third of the House of Lords in the next generation '' ; ;
a report that 200 Protestant clergymen and laity attended a votive Mass offered for Christian unity at a Catholic church in Slough during the Church Unity Octave .
The death of a man is unique , and yet it is universal .
The straight line would symbolize its uniqueness , the circle its universality .
But how can one figure symbolize both ? ?
Christianity declares that in the life and death of Jesus Christ the unique and the universal concur .
Perhaps no church father saw this concurrence of the unique and the universal as clearly , or formulated it as precisely , as Irenaeus .
To be the Savior and the Lord , Jesus Christ has to be a historical individual with a biography all his own ; ;
he dare not be a cosmic aeon that swoops to earth for a while but never identifies itself with man's history .
Yet this utterly individual historical person must also contain within himself the common history of mankind .
His history is his alone , yet each man must recognize his own history in it .
His death is his alone , yet each man can see his own death in the crucifixion of Jesus .
Each man can identify himself with the history and the death of Jesus Christ because Jesus Christ has identified himself with human history and human death , coming as the head of a new humanity .
Not a circle , then , nor a straight line , but a spiral represents the shape of death as Irenaeus sees it ; ;
for a spiral has motion as well as recurrence .
As represented by a spiral , history may , in some sense , be said to repeat itself ; ;
yet each historical event remains unique .
Christ is both unique and universal .
The first turn of the spiral is the primeval history of humanity in Adam .
As Origen interprets the end of history on the basis of its beginning , so Irenaeus portrays the story of Adam on the basis of the story of Christ .
`` Whence , then , comes the substance of the first man ? ?
From God's Will and Wisdom , and from virgin earth .
For ' God had not rained ' , says the Scripture , before man was made , and there was no man to till the earth .
From this earth , then , while it was still virgin God took dust and fashioned the man , the beginning of humanity '' .
Irenaeus does not regard Adam and Eve merely as private individuals , but as universal human beings , who were and are all of humanity .
Adam and Eve were perfect , not in the sense that they possessed perfection , but in the sense that they were capable of development toward perfection .
They were , in fact , children .
Irenaeus does not claim pre-existence for the human soul ; ;
therefore there is no need for him , as there is for Origen , to identify existence itself with the fall .
Existence is created and willed by God and is not the consequence of a pre-existent rebellion or of a cosmic descent from eternity into history .
Historical existence is a created good .
The biblical symbol for this affirmation is expressed in the words : `` So God created man in his own image ; ;
in the similitude of God he created him '' .
There are some passages in the writings of Irenaeus where the image of God and the similitude are sharply distinguished , so most notably in the statement : `` If the ( Holy ) Spirit is absent from the soul , such a man is indeed of an animal nature ; ;
and , being left carnal , he will be an imperfect being , possessing the image ( of God ) in his formation , but not receiving the similitude ( of God ) through the Spirit '' .
Thus the image of God is that which makes a man a man and not an oyster ; ;
the similitude of God , by contrast , is that which makes a man a child of God and not merely a rational creature .
Recent research on Irenaeus , however , makes it evident that he does not consistently maintain this distinction .
He does not mean to say that Adam lost the similitude of God and his immortality through the fall ; ;
for he was created not exactly immortal , nor yet exactly mortal , but capable of immortality as well as of mortality .
Therefore Irenaeus describes man's creation as follows :
`` So that the man should not have thoughts of grandeur , and become lifted up , as if he had no lord , because of the dominion that had been given to him , and the freedom , fall into sin against God his Creator , overstepping his bounds , and take up an attitude of self-conceited arrogance towards God , a law was given him by God , that he might know that he had for lord the lord of all .
And He laid down for him certain conditions : so that , if he kept the command of God , then he would always remain as he was , that is , immortal ; ;
but if he did not , he would become mortal , melting into earth , whence his frame had been taken '' .
These conditions man did not keep , and thus he became mortal ; ;
yet he did not stop being human as a result .
There is no justification for systematizing the random statements of Irenaeus about the image of God beyond this , nor for reading into his imprecise usage the later theological distinction between the image of God ( humanity ) and the similitude of God ( immortality ) .
Man was created with the capacity for immortality , but the devil's promise of immortality in exchange for disobedience cost Adam his immortality .
He was , in the words of Irenaeus , `` beguiled by another under the pretext of immortality '' .
The true way to immortality lay through obedience , but man did not believe this .
`` Eve was disobedient ; ;
for she did not obey when as yet she was a virgin .
And even as she , having indeed a husband , Adam , but being nevertheless as yet a virgin , having become disobedient , was made the cause of death , both to herself and to the entire human race ; ;
so also did Mary , having a man betrothed ( to her ) , and being nevertheless a virgin , by yielding obedience , become the cause of salvation , both to herself and the whole human race '' .
Because he interprets the primitive state of man as one of mere potentiality or capacity and believes that Adam and Eve were created as children , Irenaeus often seems inclined to extenuate their disobedience as being `` due , no doubt , to carelessness , but still wicked '' .
His interpretation of the beginning on the basis of the end prompts him to draw these parallels between the Virgin Eve and the Virgin Mary .
That parallelism affects his picture of man's disobedience too ; ;
for as it was Christ , the Word of God , who came to rescue man , so it was disobedience to the word of God in the beginning that brought death into the world , and all our woe .
With this act of disobedience , and not with the inception of his individual existence , man began the downward circuit on the spiral of history , descending from the created capacity for immortality to an inescapable mortality .
At the nadir of that circuit is death .
`` Along with the fruit they did also fall under the power of death , because they did eat in disobedience ; ;
and disobedience to God entails death .
Wherefore , as they became forfeit to death , from that ( moment ) they were handed over to it '' .
This leads Irenaeus to the somewhat startling notion that Adam and Eve died on the same day that they disobeyed , namely , on a Friday , as a parallel to the death of Christ on Good Friday ; ;
he sees a parallel also to the Jewish day of preparation for the Sabbath .
In any case , though they had been promised immortality if they ate of the tree , they obtained mortality instead .
The wages of sin is death .
Man's life , originally shaped for immortality and for communion with God , must now be conformed to the shape of death .
Nevertheless , even at the nadir of the circuit the spiral of history belongs to God , and he still rules .
Even death , therefore , has a providential as well as a punitive function .
`` Wherefore also He ( God ) drove him ( man ) out of Paradise , and removed him far from the tree of life , not because He envied him the tree of life , as some venture to assert , but because He pitied him , ( and did not desire ) that he should continue a sinner for ever , nor that the sin which surrounded him should be immortal , and evil interminable and irremediable .
But He set a bound to his ( state of ) sin , by interposing death , and thus causing sin to cease , putting an end to it by the dissolution of the flesh , which should take place in the earth , so that man , ceasing at length to live in sin , and dying to it , might live to God '' .
This idea , which occurs in both Tatian and Cyprian , fits especially well into the scheme of Irenaeus' theology ; ;
for it prepares the way for the passage from life through death to life that is achieved in Christ .
As man can live only by dying , so it was only by his dying that Christ could bring many to life .
It is probably fair to say that the idea of death is more profound in Irenaeus than the idea of sin is .
This applies to his picture of Adam .
It is borne out also by the absence of any developed theory about how sin passes from one generation to the next .
It becomes most evident in his description of Christ as the second Adam , who does indeed come to destroy sin , but whose work culminates in the achievement of immortality .
This emphasis upon death rather than sin as man's fundamental problem Irenaeus shares with many early theologians , especially the Greek-speaking ones .
They speak of the work of Christ as the bestowal of incorruptibility , which can mean ( though it does not have to mean ) deliverance from time and history .
Death reminds man of his sin , but it reminds him also of his transience .
It represents a punishment that he knows he deserves , but it also symbolizes most dramatically that he lives his life within the process of time .
These two aspects of death cannot be successfully separated , but they dare not be confused or identified .
The repeated efforts in Christian history to describe death as altogether the consequence of human sin show that these two aspects of death cannot be separated .
Such efforts almost always find themselves compelled to ask whether Adam was created capable of growing old and then older and then still older , in short , whether Adam's life was intended to be part of the process of time .
If it was , then it must have been God's intention to translate him at a certain point from time to eternity .
One night , so some of these theories run , Adam would have fallen asleep , much as he fell asleep for the creation of Eve ; ;
and thus he would have been carried over into the life eternal .
The embarrassment of these theories over the naturalness of death is an illustration of the thesis that death cannot be only a punishment , for some termination seems necessary in a life that is lived within the natural order of time and change .
On the other hand , Christian faith knows that death is more than the natural termination of temporal existence .
It is the wages of sin , and its sting is the law .
If this aspect of death as punishment is not distinguished from the idea of death as natural termination , the conclusion seems inevitable that temporal existence itself is a form of punishment rather than the state into which man is put by the will of the Creator .
This seems to have been the conclusion to which Origen was forced .
If death receives more than its share of attention from the theologian and if sin receives less than its share , the gift of the life eternal through Christ begins to look like the divinely appointed means of rescue from temporal , i.e. , created , existence .
Such an interpretation of death radically alters the Christian view of creation ; ;
for it teaches salvation from , not salvation in , time and history .
Because Christianity teaches not only salvation in history , but salvation by the history of Christ , such an interpretation of death would require a drastic revision of the Christian understanding of the work of Christ .
Furthermore , as an encouragement to revisionist thinking , it manifestly is fair to admit that any fraternity has a constitutional right to refuse to accept persons it dislikes .
The Unitarian clergy were an exclusive club of cultivated gentlemen -- as the term was then understood in the Back Bay -- and Parker was definitely not a gentleman , either in theology or in manners .
Ezra Stiles Gannett , an honorable representative of the sanhedrin , addressed himself frankly to the issue in 1845 , insisting that Parker should not be persecuted or calumniated and that in this republic no power to restrain him by force could exist .
Even so , Gannett judiciously argued , the Association could legitimately decide that Parker `` should not be encouraged nor assisted in diffusing his opinions by those who differ from him in regard to their correctness '' .
We today are not entitled to excoriate honest men who believed Parker to be downright pernicious and who barred their pulpits against his demand to poison the minds of their congregations .
One can even argue -- though this is a delicate matter -- that every justification existed for their returning the Public Lecture to the First Church , and so to suppress it , rather than let Parker use it as a sounding board for his propaganda when his turn should come to occupy it .
Finally , it did seem clear as day to these clergymen , as Gannett's son explained in the biography of his father , they had always contended for the propriety of their claim to the title of Christians .
Their demand against the Calvinist Orthodoxy for intellectual liberty had never meant that they would follow `` free inquiry '' to the extreme of proclaiming Christianity a `` natural '' religion .
Grant all this -- still , when modern Unitarianism and the Harvard Divinity School recall with humorous affection the insults Parker lavished upon them , or else argue that after all Parker received the treatment he invited , they betray an uneasy conscience .
Whenever New England liberalism is reminded of the dramatic confrontation of Parker and the fraternity on January 23 , 1843 -- while it may defend the privilege of Chandler Robbins to demand that Parker leave the Association , while it may plead that Dr. N. L. Frothingham had every warrant for stating , `` The difference between Trinitarians and Unitarians is a difference in Christianity ; ;
the difference between Mr. Parker and the Association is a difference between no Christianity and Christianity '' -- despite these supposed conclusive assurances , the modern liberal heaves repeatedly a sigh of relief , of positive thanksgiving , that the Association never quite brought itself officially to expel Parker .
Had it done so , the blot on its escutcheon would have remained indelible , nor could the Harvard Divinity School assemble today to honor Parker's insurgence other than by getting down on its collective knees and crying `` peccavi '' .
Happily for posterity , then , the Boston Association did not actually command Parker to leave the room , though it came too close for comfort to what would have been an unforgivable brutality .
Fortunately , the honor of the denomination can attest that Cyrus Bartol defended Parker's sincerity , as did also Gannett and Chandler Robbins ; ;
whereupon Parker broke down into convulsions of weeping and rushed out of the room , though not out of the Fellowship .
In the hall , after adjournment , Dr. Frothingham took him warmly by the hand and requested Parker to visit him -- whereupon our burly Theodore again burst into tears .
All this near tragedy , which to us borders on comedy , enables us to tell the story over and over again , always warming ourselves with a glow of complacency .
It was indeed a near thing , but somehow the inherent decency of New England ( which we inherit ) did triumph .
Parker was never excommunicated .
To the extent that he was ostracized or even reviled , we solace ourselves by saying he asked for it .
Yet , even after all these stratagems , the conscience of Christian liberality is still not laid to rest , any more than is the conscience of Harvard University for having done the abject penance for its rejection of Ralph Waldo Emerson's The Divinity School Address of naming its hall of philosophy after him .
In both cases the stubborn fact remains : liberalism gave birth to two brilliant apostates , both legitimate offspring of its loins , and when brought to the test , it behaved shabbily .
Suppose they both had ventured into realms which their colleagues thought infidel : is this the way gentlemen settle frank differences of opinion ? ?
Is it after all possible that no matter how the liberals trumpet their confidence in human dignity they are exposed to a contagion of fear more insidious than any conservative has ever to worry about ? ?
However , there is a crucial difference between the two histories .
Emerson evaded the problem by shoving it aside , or rather by leaving it behind him : he walked out of the Unitarian communion , so that it could lick the wound of his departure , preserve its self-respect and eventually accord him pious veneration .
Parker insisted upon not resigning , even when the majority wanted him to depart , upon daring the Fellowship to throw him out .
Hence he was in his lifetime , as is the memory of him afterwards , a canker within the liberal sensitivity .
He still points an accusing finger at all of us , telling us we have neither the courage to support him nor the energy to cut his throat .
Actually , the dispute between Parker and the society of his time , both ecclesiastical and social , was a real one , a bitter one .
It cannot be smoothed over by now cherishing his sarcasms as delightful bits of self-deprecation or by solemnly calling for a reconsideration of the justice of the objections to him .
The fact is incontestable : that liberal world of Unitarian Boston was narrow-minded , intellectually sterile , smug , afraid of the logical consequences of its own mild ventures into iconoclasm , and quite prepared to resort to hysterical repressions when its brittle foundations were threatened .
Parker , along with Garrison and Charles Sumner , showed a magnificent moral bravery when facing mobs mobilized in defense of the Mexican War and slavery .
Nevertheless , we can find reasons for respecting even the bigotry of the populace ; ;
their passions were genuine , and the division between them and the abolitionists is clear-cut .
But Parker as the ultra-liberal minister within the pale of a church which had proclaimed itself the repository of liberality poses a different problem , which is not to be resolved by holding him up as the champion of freedom .
Even though his theological theses have become , to us , commonplaces , the fundamental interrogation he phrased is very much with us .
It has been endlessly rephrased , but I may here put it thus : at what point do the tolerant find themselves obliged to become intolerant ? ?
And then , as they become aware that they have reached the end of their patience , what do they , to their dismay , learn for the first time about themselves ? ?
There can be no doubt , the Boston of that era could be exquisitely cruel in enforcing its canons of behavior .
The gentle Channing , revered by all Bostonians , orthodox or Unitarian , wrote to a friend in Louisville that among its many virtues Boston did not abound in a tolerant spirit , that the yoke of opinion crushed individuality of judgment and action : `` No city in the world is governed so little by a police , and so much by mutual inspections and what is called public sentiment .
We stand more in awe of one another than most people .
Opinion is less individual or runs more into masses , and often rules with a rod of iron '' .
Even more poignantly , and with the insight of a genius , Channing added -- remember , this is Channing , not Parker ! !
-- that should a minister in Boston trust himself to his heart , should he `` speak without book , and consequently break some law of speech , or be hurried into some daring hyperbole , he should find little mercy '' .
Channing wrote this -- in a letter ! !
I think it fair to say that he never quite reached such candor in his sermons .
But Theodore Parker , commencing his mission to the world-at-large , disguised as the minister of a `` twenty-eighth Congregational Church '' which bore no resemblance to the Congregational polities descended from the founders ( among which were still the Unitarian churches ) , made explicit from the beginning that the conflict between him and the Hunkerish society was not something which could be evaporated into a genteel difference about clerical decorum .
Because he spoke openly with what Channing had prophesied someone might -- with daring hyperbole -- Parker vindicated Channing's further prophecy that he who committed this infraction of taste would promptly discover how little mercy liberals were disposed to allow to libertarians who appeared to them libertines .
An institutionalized liberalism proved itself fundamentally an institution , and only within those defined limits a license .
By reminding ourselves of these factors in the situation , we should , I am sure , come to a fresh realization , however painful it be , that the battle between Parker and his neighbors was fought in earnest .
He arraigned the citizens in language of so little courtesy that they had to respond with , at the least , resentment .
What otherwise could `` the lawyer , doctor , minister , the men of science and letters '' do when told that they had `` become the cherubim and seraphim and the three archangels who stood before the golden throne of the merchant , and continually cried , ' Holy , holy , holy is the Almighty Dollar ' `` ? ?
Nor , when we recollect how sensitive were the emotions of the old Puritan stock in regard to the recent tides of immigration , should we be astonished that their thin lips were compressed into a white line of rage as Parker snarled at them thus : `` Talk about the Catholics voting as the bishop tells ! !
Reproach the Catholics for it ! !
You and I do the same thing .
There are a great many bishops who have never had a cross on their bosom , nor a mitre on their head , who appeal not to the authority of the Pope at Rome , but to the Almighty Dollar , a pope much nearer home .
Boston has been controlled by a few capitalists , lawyers and other managers , who told the editors what to say and the preachers what to think '' .
This was war .
Parker meant business .
And he took repeated care to let his colleagues know that he intended them : `` Even the Unitarian churches have caught the malaria , and are worse than those who deceived them '' -- which implied that they were very bad indeed .
It was `` Duty '' he said that his parents had given him as a rule -- beyond even the love that suffused his being and the sense of humor with which he was largely supplied -- and it was duty he would perform , though it cost him acute pain and exhausted him by the age of fifty .
Parker could weep -- and he wept astonishingly often and on the slightest provocation -- but the psychology of those tears was entirely compatible with a remorseless readiness to massacre his opponents .
`` If it gave me pleasure to say hard things '' , he wrote , `` I would shut up forever '' .
We have to tell ourselves that when Parker spoke in this vein , he believed what he said , because he could continue , `` But the truth , which cost me bitter tears to say , I must speak , though it cost other tears hotter than fire '' .
Because he copiously shed his own tears , and yielded himself up as a living sacrifice to the impersonalized conscience of New England , he was not disturbed by the havoc he worked in other people's consciences .
Our endeavor to capture even a faint sense of how strenuous was the fight is muffled by our indifference to the very issue which in the Boston of 1848 seemed to be the central hope of its Christian survival , that of the literal , factual historicity of the miracles as reported in the Four Gospels .
It is idle to ask why we are no longer disturbed if somebody , professing the deepest piety , decides anew that it is of no importance whether or not Christ transformed the water into wine at eleven A.M. on the third of August , A.D. 32 .
We have no answer as to why we are not alarmed .
So we are the more prepared to give Parker the credit for having taken the right side in an unnecessary controversy , to salute his courage , and to pass on , happily forgetting both him and the entire episode .
We have not the leisure , or the patience , or the skill , to comprehend what was working in the mind and heart of a then recent graduate from the Harvard Divinity School who would muster the audacity to contradict his most formidable instructor , the majesterial Andrews Norton , by saying that , while he believed Jesus `` like other religious teachers '' , worked miracles , `` I see not how a miracle proves a doctrine '' .
I have , within the past fifty years , come out of all uncertainty into a faith which is a dominating conviction of the Truth and about which I have not a shadow of doubt .
It has been my lot all through life to associate with eminent scientists and at times to discuss with them the deepest and most vital of all questions , the nature of the hope of a life beyond this .
I have also constantly engaged in scientific work and am fully aware of the value of opinions formed in science as well as in the religions in the world .
In an amateurish , yet in a very real sense , I have followed the developments of archaeology , geology , astronomy , herpetology , and mycology with a hearty appreciation of the advances being made in these fields .
At one time I became disturbed in the faith in which I had grown up by the apparent inroads being made upon both Old and New Testaments by a `` Higher Criticism '' of the Bible , to refute which I felt the need of a better knowledge of Hebrew and of archaeology , for it seemed to me that to pull out some of the props of our faith was to weaken the entire structure .
Doubts thus inculcated left me floundering for a while and , like some higher critical friends , trying to continue to use the Bible as the Word of God while at the same time holding it to have been subjected to a vast number of redactions and interpolations : attempting to bridge the chasm between an older , reverent , Bible-loving generation and a critical , doubting , Bible-emancipated race .
Although still aware of a great light and glow of warmth in the Book , I stood outside shivering in the cold .
In one thing the higher critics , like the modernists , however , overreached themselves , in claiming that the Gospel of John was not written in John's time but well after the first century , perhaps as late as 150 A.D. .
Now , if any part of the Bible is assuredly the very Word of God speaking through His servant , it is John's Gospel .
To ask me to believe that so inexpressibly marvelous a book was written long after all the events by some admiring follower , and was not inspired directly by the Spirit of God , is asking me to accept a miracle far greater than any of those recorded in the Bible .
Here I took my leave of my learned friends to step out on another path , to which we might give the modern name of Pragmatism , or the thing that works .
Test it , try it , and if it works , accept it as a guiding principle .
So , I put my Bible to the practical test of noting what it says about itself , and then tested it to see how it worked .
As a short , possibly not the best method , I looked up `` Word '' in the Concordance and noted that the Bible claims from Genesis 1 to Revelation 22 to be God's personal message to man .
The next traditional step then was to accept it as the authoritative textbook of the Christian faith just as one would accept a treatise on any earthly `` science '' , and I submitted to its conditions according to Christ's invitation and promise that , `` If any man will do his will , he shall know of the doctrine , whether it be of God , or whether I speak of myself '' ( John 7 : 17 ) .
The outcome of such an experiment has been in due time the acceptance of the Bible as the Word of God inspired in a sense utterly different from any merely human book , and with it the acceptance of our Lord Jesus Christ as the only begotten Son of God , Son of Man by the Virgin Mary , the Saviour of the world .
I believe , therefore , that we are without exception sinners , by nature alienated from God , and that Jesus Christ , the Son of God , came to earth , the representative Head of a new race , to die upon the cross and pay the penalty of the sin of the world , and that he who thus receives Christ as his personal Saviour is `` born again '' spiritually , with new privileges , appetites , and affections , destined to live and grow in His likeness forever .
Nor can any man save himself by good works or by a commendable `` moral life '' , although such works are the natural fruits and evidences of a saving faith already received and naturally expressing itself through such avenues .
I now ever look for Christ according to His promises and those of the Old Testament as well , to appear again in glory to put away all sin and to reign in righteousness over the whole earth .
To state fully what the Bible means as my daily spiritual food is as intimate and difficult as to formulate the reasons for loving my nearest and dearest relatives and friends .
The Bible is as obviously and truly food for the spirit as bread is food for the body .
Again , as faith reveals God my Father and Christ my Saviour , I follow without question where He leads me daily by His Spirit of love , wisdom , power and prayer .
I place His precepts and His leadings above every seeming probability , dismissing cherished convictions and holding the wisdom of man as folly when opposed to Him .
I discern no limits to a faith vested in God and Christ , who is the sum of all wisdom and knowledge , and daring to trust Him even though called to stand alone before the world .
Our Lord's invitation with its implied promise to all is , `` Come and see '' .
I stood at the bedside of my patient one day and beheld a very sick man in terrible pain .
As I ministered to his needs , I noticed that his face was radiant in spite of his suffering and I learned that he was trusting not only in the skill of his doctor and nurse but also the Lord .
In his heart he had that peace of which the Lord spoke when He said , `` Peace I leave with you , my peace I give unto you : not as the world giveth , give I unto you .
Let not your heart be troubled , neither let it be afraid '' .
What a joy to realize that we , too , can claim this promise tendered by the Lord during His earthly ministry to a group of men who were very dear to Him .
He was about to leave them , to depart from this world , and return to His Father in Heaven .
Before He left them He promised that His peace would be their portion to abide in their hearts and minds .
I praise God for the privilege of being a nurse who has that peace through faith in the Lord Jesus Christ .
It makes my work a great deal easier to be able to pray for the Lord's guidance while ministering to the physical needs of my patients .
How often have I looked to Jesus when entering the sick room , asking for His presence and help in my professional duties as I give my talents not only as the world giveth but as one who loves the Saviour and His creatures .
Looking unto God , the Prophet Isaiah wrote these blessed words almost three thousand years ago : `` Thou wilt keep him in perfect peace , whose mind is stayed on thee : because he trusteth in thee '' .
Are you longing for peace in your heart ? ?
Such a calm and assuring peace can be yours .
As only a member of the family can share in the innermost joys of the family , likewise one must belong to the family of God in order to receive the benefits that are promised to those who are His own .
Perhaps you are not His child .
Perhaps you do not know if you belong to Him .
You may know that you are in God's family and be just as sure of it as you are that you belong to the family of your earthly father .
`` God so loved the world , that he gave his only begotten Son , that whosoever believeth in him should not perish , but have everlasting life '' , and `` as many as received him , to them gave He power to become the sons of God , even to them that believe on His name '' .
It is to those who believe on His name and belong to Him that He gives His peace ; ;
not that empty peace the world offers , but a deep , abiding peace which nothing can destroy .
Why not open your heart to the Lord Jesus Christ now , accept Him as your Saviour and let Him fill you with peace that only He can give .
Then , with the hymn writer of old , you can say :
`` I am resting today in His wonderful peace ,
Resting sweetly in Jesus' control .
I am kept from all danger by night and by day ,
And His glory is flooding my soul '' .
Satellites , sputniks , rockets , balloons ; ;
what next ? ?
Our necks are stiff from gazing at the wonders of outer space , which have captured the imagination of the American public .
Cape Canaveral's achievements thunder forth from the radio , television , and newspaper .
While we are filling outer space with scientific successes , for many the `` inner '' space of their soul is an aching void .
Proof ? ?
An average of 50 suicides are reported in America each day ! !
One out of every three or four marriages ends in divorce ! !
Over $200,000,000 is paid yearly to the 80,000 full-time fortune-tellers in the United States by fearful mankind who want to `` know '' what the future holds ! !
Delinquency , juvenile and adult , is at an all-time high ! !
Further proof ? ?
Read your daily newspaper ! !
Unfortunately , in our rush to beat the Russians , we have forgotten these truth-packed words of Jesus Christ : `` What shall it profit a man , if he shall gain the whole world ( that includes outer space ) , and lose his own soul ? ?
Or what shall a man give in exchange for his soul '' ? ?
( Mark 36 , 37 ) .
Gaining outer space and losing `` inner '' space is bad business according to God's standards .
It is true that we must keep up our national defenses and scientific accomplishments ; ;
only a fool would think otherwise .
But we must not forget man's soul .
Is putting a rocket in orbit half so significant as the good news that God put His Son , Jesus Christ , on earth to live and die to save our hell-bound souls ? ?
`` For God so loved the world , that he gave his only begotten Son , that whosoever believeth in Him should not perish , but have everlasting life '' ( John 3 : :
16 ) .
Never forget that a chain is only as strong as its weakest link .
Your spiritual `` inner '' space helps determine the spirituality of America as a nation .
We trust you are not one of the 70,000,000 Americans who do not attend church , but who feel that various forms of recreation are more important than worshipping the God who made our country great .
Is forgiveness of past sins , assurance of present help , and hope of future bliss in your orbit ? ?
Or are you trying the devil's substitutes to relieve that spiritual hunger you feel within ? ?
Pleasure , fame and fortune , drowning your troubles with a drink , and `` living it up '' with the gang are like candy bars when you're hungry : they may ease your hunger temporarily , but they'll never take the place of a satisfying , mouth-watering steak .
So it is spiritually .
No amount of religious ceremonies or even joining a church will relieve the gnawing of your `` inner '' space .
Why ? ?
Because your soul was made to be filled with God Himself , not religious functions `` about '' Him .
Only He can satisfy the deepest longings .
That is why the Bible commands you to `` Taste and see that the Lord is good : blessed ( happy ) is the man that trusteth in Him '' ( Psalm 34 : 8 ) .
You can receive God into your heart and life by a step of personal faith .
Accept the sinless Son of God , Jesus Christ , as your own personal Saviour .
`` As many as received Him ( Jesus ) , to them gave He power to become the sons of God , even to them that believe on his name '' .
`` The Lord is my light and my salvation ; ;
whom shall I fear ? ?
The Lord is the strength of my life ; ;
of whom shall I be afraid '' ? ?
( Psalm 27 : 1 )
A certain teacher scheduled a `` Fear Party '' for her fourth grade pupils .
It was a session at which all the youngsters were told to express their fears , to get them out in the open where they could talk about them freely .
The teacher thought it was so successful that she asks : `` Wouldn't it be helpful to all age groups if they could participate in a similar confessional of their fears and worries '' ? ?
Dr. George W. Crane , a medical columnist , thinks it would .
He says : `` That would reduce neurotic ailments tremendously .
Each week an estimated 20 million patients call upon us doctors .
Of this number , 50% , or 10 million patients have no diagnosable physical ailments whatever .
They are ' worry warts .
Yet they keep running from one physician to another , largely to get a willing ear who will listen to their parade of troubles .
One of the most wholesome things you could schedule in your church would thus be a group confessional where people could admit of their inner tensions '' .
We are evidently trying hard to think of new ways to deal with the problem of fear these days .
It must be getting more serious .
People are giving their doctors a hard time .
One doctor made a careful survey of his patients and the reasons for their troubles , and he reported that 40% of them worried about things that never happened ; ;
30% of them worried about past happenings which were completely beyond their control ; ;
12% of them worried about their health , although their ailments were imaginary ; ;
10% of them worried about their friends , neighbors , and relatives , most of whom were quite capable of taking care of themselves .
Only 8% of the worries had behind them real causes which demanded attention .
Well , most of our fears may be unfounded , but after you discover that fact , you have something else to worry about : Why then do we have these fears ? ?
What is the real cause of them ? ?
What is there about us that makes us so anxious ? ?
Look at the things we do to escape our fears and to forget our worries .
We spend millions of dollars every year on fortune tellers and soothsayers .
We spend billions of dollars at the race tracks , and more billions on other forms of gambling .
We spend billions of dollars on liquor , and many more billions on various forms of escapist entertainment .
We consume tons of aspirin and tranquilizers and sleeping pills in order to get a moment's relief from the tensions that are tearing us apart .
A visitor from a more peaceful country across the sea was taken to one of our amusement parks , and after he had seen it all , he said to a friend : `` You must be a very sad people '' .
`` Sad '' was not the right word , of course .
He should have said `` jittery '' , for that's what we are .
And that's worse than sad .
Watch people flock to amusement houses , cocktail lounges , and night clubs that advertise continuous entertainment , which means an endless flow of noise and frivolity by paid entertainers who are supposed to perform in those incredible ways which are designed to give men a few hours of dubious relaxation -- watch them and you can tell that many of them are running away from something .
In one of his writings Pascal speaks of this mania for diversion as being a sign of misery and fear which man cannot endure without such opiates .
Yes , and as tension mounts in this world , fear is increasing .
Does that explain why there is now such a big boom in the bomb shelter business ? ?
We have so many new things to fear in this age of nuclear weapons , dreadful things which are too horrible to contemplate .
I doubt that `` fear parties '' and `` group confessionals '' will help very much .
Suppose we do get our fears out in the open , what then ? ?
Isn't that where most of them are already -- right out on the front page of our newspapers ? ?
Maybe we are talking about them too much .
The question is : what are we going to do about them ? ?
Meanwhile , the enemy will capitalize on our fears , if he can .
Hitler did just that 23 years ago , building up tensions that first led to a Munich and then to a world war .
The fear of war can make us either too weak to stand and too willing to compromise , or too reckless and too nervous to negotiate for peace as long as there is any chance to negotiate .
It is said that fear in human beings produces an odor that provokes animals to attack .
It could have the same effect on Communists .
The President of the United States has said : `` We will never negotiate out of fear , and we will never fear to negotiate '' .
That is a sound position , but it is important that Moscow shall recognize it not merely as the word of a president but as the mind of a free people who are not afraid .
And that's another reason why it is imperative for us these days to conquer our fears , to develop the poise that promotes peace .
Turning to the Word of God , we find the only sure way to do that .
In Psalm 27 : 1 you read those beautiful words which you must have in your heart if you are to master the fears that surround you , or to drive them out if they have you in their grip : `` The Lord is my light and my salvation ; ;
whom shall I fear ? ?
The Lord is the strength of my life ; ;
of whom shall I be afraid '' ? ?
Well , you say , those are beautiful words all right , but it was easy for the psalmist to sing them in his day .
He didn't live in a world of perpetual peril like ours .
He didn't know anything about the problems we face today .
No ? ?
Read the next two verses : `` When the wicked , even mine enemies and my foes , came upon me to eat up my flesh , they stumbled and fell .
Though an host should encamp against me , my heart shall not fear : though war should rise against me , in this will I be confident '' .
That is almost a perfect description of the predicament in which we find ourselves today , isn't it ? ?
Our enemy is also threatening to devour us .
He has already devoured huge areas of the world , putting men behind concrete walls and iron curtains and barbed wire , reducing them to slavery , systematically crushing not only their bodies but their souls , and shooting them to death if they try to escape their prison .
Yes indeed , we too can see a warlike host of infidels encamped against us .
What a terrible thing , that `` wailing wall '' in Berlin ! !
A man with a baby in his arms stood there pleading for his wife who is on the other side with the rest of the family .
Another man tried to swim across the river from the East to the West , but was shot and killed .
A middle aged woman opened a window on the third floor of her house which was behind the wall , she threw out a few belongings and then jumped ; ;
she was fatally injured .
The entrance to a church has been walled up , so that the congregation , most of which is in the western sector , cannot worship God there anymore .
Practically everybody in Berlin has relatives and friends that live in the opposite part of the city .
People stand at the wall giving vent to their feelings , weeping , pounding it with their fists , pleading for loved ones .
But the enemy answers them from loudspeakers that pour out Communist propaganda with a generous mixture of terrible profanity .
There is only one escape left , a tragic one , and too many people are taking it : suicide .
The normal rate of suicides in East Berlin was one a day , but since the border was closed on August 13 it has jumped to 25 a day ! !
These things may be happening many miles away from us but really they are right next door .
We are all involved in them , deeply involved .
And nobody knows what comes next .
We live from crisis to crisis .
And there is only one way for a man to conquer his fears in such a world .
He must learn to say with true faith what the psalmist said in a similar world : `` The Lord is my light and my salvation ; ;
whom shall I fear ? ?
The Lord is the strength of my life ; ;
of whom shall I be afraid '' ? ?
Notice that this man had a threefold conception of God which is the secret of his faith .
First , `` the Lord is my light '' .
He lived in a very dark world , but he was not in the dark .
The same God who called this world into being when He said : `` Let there be light '' ! !
-- those were His very first creative words -- He began the world with light -- this God still gives light to a world which man has plunged into darkness .
For those who put their trust in Him He still says every day again : `` Let there be light '' ! !
And there is light ! !
In fact , He came into this world Himself , in the person of His Son , Jesus Christ , who stood here amid the darkness of human sin and said : `` I am the light of the world : he that followeth me shall not walk in darkness , but shall have the light of life '' .
The psalmist could say that God was his light even though he could only anticipate the coming of Christ .
He lived in the dawn ; ;
he could only see the light coming over the horizon .
We live in the bright daylight of that great event ; ;
for us it is a fact in history .
Why should we not have the same faith , and an even greater experience of the light which it gives ? ?
This is the faith that moved the psalmist to add his second conception of God : `` The Lord is my salvation '' .
He knew that his God would save him from his enemies because He had saved him from his sins .
If God could do that , He could do anything .
The enemies at his gate , threatening to eat up his flesh , were nothing compared with the enemy of sin within his own soul .
And God had conquered that one by His grace ! !
So why worry about all the others ? ?
The apostle Paul said the same thing in the language and faith of the New Testament : `` He that spared not His own Son , but delivered Him up for us all , how shall He not with Him freely give us all things ? ?
If God be for us , who can be against us ? ?
Who shall separate us from the love of Christ ? ?
Shall tribulation , or distress , or persecution , or famine , or nakedness , or peril , or sword '' ? ?
Salvation ! !
This is the key to the conquest of fear .
This gets down to the heart of our problem , for it reconciles us with God , whom we fear most of all because we have sinned against Him .
When that fear has been removed by faith in Jesus Christ , when we know that He is our Savior , that He has paid our debt with His blood , that He has met the demands of God's justice and thus has turned His wrath away -- when we know that , we have peace with God in our hearts ; ;
and then , with this God on our side , we can face the whole world without fear .
And so the psalmist gives us one more picture of God : `` The Lord is the strength of my life '' .
The word is really `` stronghold '' .
It recalls those words of another psalm : `` God is our refuge and strength , a very present help in trouble .
Therefore will not we fear , though the earth be removed , and though the mountains be carried into the midst of the sea Come , behold the works of the Lord , what desolations He hath made in the earth .
But , again , we have no real evidence on this from that quarter until the close of the ninth century A.D. , when an Arabic scholar , Tabit Ibn Korra ( 836-901 ) is said to have discussed the magic square of three .
Thus , while it remains possible that the Babylonians and/or the Pythagoreans may perhaps have had the magic square of three before the Chinese did , more definite evidence will have to turn up from the Middle East or the Classical World before China can lose her claim to the earliest known magic square by more than a thousand years .
The `` Lo Shu '' square as an expression of centrality
The concept of the Middle Kingdom at peace , strong and united under a forceful ruler , which had been only a longed-for ideal in the time of the Warring States , was finally realized by the establishment of a Chinese Empire under the Ch'in dynasty ( 221-207 B.C. ) .
But this was only accomplished by excessive cruelty and extremes of totalitarian despotism .
Among the many severe measures taken by the First Emperor , Shih Huang-ti , in his efforts to insure the continuation of this hard-won national unity , was the burning of the books in 213 B.C. , with the expressed intention of removing possible sources for divergent thinking ; ;
but , as he had a special fondness for magic and divination , he ordered that books on these subjects should be spared .
Many of the latter were destroyed in their turn , during the burning of the vast Ch'in palace some ten years later ; ;
yet some must have survived , because the old interest in number symbolism , divination , and magic persisted on into the Han dynasty , which succeeded in reuniting China and keeping it together for a longer period ( from 202 B.C. to A.D. 220 ) .
In fact , during the first century B.C. , an extensive literature sprang up devoted to these subjects , finding its typical expression in the so-called `` wei books '' , a number of which were specifically devoted to the Lo Shu and related numerical diagrams , especially in connection with divination .
However , the wei books were also destroyed in a series of Orthodox Confucian purges which culminated in a final proscription in 605 .
After all this destruction of old literature , it should be obvious why we have so little information about the early history and development of the Lo Shu , which was already semisecret anyhow .
But , in spite of all this , enough evidence remains to show that the magic square of three must indeed have been the object of a rather extensive cult -- or series of cults -- reaching fullest expression in the Han period .
Although modern scholars have expressed surprise that `` the simple magic square of three '' , a mere `` mathematical puzzle '' , was able to exert a considerable influence on the minds and imaginations of the cultured Chinese for so many centuries , they could have found most of the answers right within the square itself .
But , up to now , no one has attempted to analyze its inherent mathematical properties , or the numerical significance of its numbers -- singly or in combination -- and then tried to consider these in the light of Old Chinese cosmological concepts .
Such an analysis speedily reveals why the middle number of the Lo Shu , 5 , was so vitally significant for the Chinese ever since the earliest hints that they had a knowledge of this diagram .
The importance of this 5 can largely be explained by the natural mathematical properties of the middle number and its special relationship to all the rest of the numbers -- quite apart from any numerological considerations , which is to say , any symbolic meaning arbitrarily assigned to it .
Indeed , mathematically speaking , it was both functionally and symbolically the most important number in the entire diagram .
If one takes the middle number , 5 , and multiplies it by 3 ( the base number of the magic square of three ) , the result is 15 , which is also the constant sum of all the rows , columns , and two main diagonals .
Then , if the middle number is activated to its greatest potential in terms of this square , through multiplying it by the highest number , 9 ( which is the square of the base number ) , the result is 45 ; ;
and the latter is the total sum of all the numbers in the square , by which all the other numbers are overshadowed and in which they may be said to be absorbed .
Furthermore , the middle number of the Lo Shu is not only the physical mean between every opposing pair of the other numbers , by reason of its central position ; ;
it is also their mathematical mean , since it is equal to half the sum of every opposing pair , all of which equal 10 .
In fact , the neat balance of these pairs , and their subtle equilibrium , would have had special meaning in the minds of the Old Chinese .
For they considered the odd numbers as male and the even ones as female , equating the two groups with the Yang and Yin principles in Nature ; ;
and in this square , the respective pairs made up of large and small odd ( Yang ) numbers , and those composed of large and small even ( Yin ) numbers , were all equal to each other .
Thus all differences were leveled , and all contrasts erased , in a realm of no distinction , and the harmonious balance of the Lo Shu square could effectively symbolize the world in balanced harmony around a powerful central axis .
The tremendous emphasis on the 5 in the Lo Shu square -- for purely mathematical reasons -- and the fact that this number so neatly symbolized the heart and center of the universe , could well explain why the Old Chinese seem to have so revered the number 5 , and why they put so much stress on the concept of Centrality .
These twin tendencies seem to have reached their height in the Han dynasty .
The existing reverence for Centrality must have been still further stimulated toward the close of the second century B.C. , when the Han Emperor Wu Ti ordered the dynastic color changed to yellow -- which symbolized the Center among the traditional Five Directions -- and took 5 as the dynastic number , believing that he would thus place himself , his imperial family , and the nation under the most auspicious influences .
His immediate motive for doing this may not have been directly inspired by the Lo Shu , but this measure must inevitably have increased the existing beliefs in the latter's efficacy .
After this time , inscriptions on the Han bronze mirrors , as well as other writings , emphasized the desirability of keeping one's self at the center of the universe , where cosmic forces were strongest .
Later , we shall see what happened when an emperor took this idea too literally .
All this emphasis on Centrality and on the number 5 as a symbolic expression of the Center , which seems to have begun as far back as 400 B.C. , also may conceivably have led to the development of the Five-Elements School and the subsequent efforts to fit everything into numerical categories of five .
We find , for example , such groupings as the Five Ancient Rulers , the Five Sacred Mountains , the Five Directions ( with Center ) , the Five Metals , Five Colors , Five Tastes , Five Odors , Five Musical Notes , Five Bodily Functions , Five Viscera , and many others .
This trend has often been ascribed to the cult of the Five Elements itself , as though they had served as the base for all the rest ; ;
but why did the Old Chinese postulate five elements , when the Ancient Near East -- which may have initiated the idea that natural elements exerted influence in human life and activities -- recognized only four ? ?
And why did the Chinese suddenly begin to talk about the Five Directions , when the animals they used as symbols of the directions designated only the usual four ? ?
Obviously , something suddenly caused them to start thinking in terms of fives , and that may have been the workings of the Lo Shu .
This whole tendency had an unfortunate effect on Chinese thinking .
Whereas the primary meanings of the Lo Shu diagram seemed to have been based on its inner mathematical properties -- and we shall see that even its secondary meanings rested on some mathematical bases -- the urgent desire to place everything into categories of fives led to other groupings based on other numbers , until an exaggerated emphasis on mere numerology pervaded Chinese thought .
Scholars made numbered sets of as many things as possible in Nature , or assigned arbitrary numbers to individual things , in a fashion that seems to the modern scientific mind as downright nonsensical , and philosophical ideas based upon all this tended to stifle speculative thought in China for many centuries .
Yin and Yang in the `` Lo Shu '' square
Although the primary mathematical properties of the middle number at the center of the Lo Shu , and the interrelation of all the other numbers to it , might seem enough to account for the deep fascination which the Lo Shu held for the Old Chinese philosophers , this was actually only a beginning of wonders .
For the Lo Shu square was a remarkably complete compendium of most of the chief religious and philosophical ideas of its time .
As such , one cannot fully understand the thought of the pre-Han and Han periods without knowing the meanings inherent in the Lo Shu ; ;
but , conversely , one cannot begin to understand the Lo Shu without knowing something about the world view of the Old Chinese , which they felt they saw expressed in it .
The Chinese world view during the Han dynasty , when the Lo Shu seems to have been at the height of its popularity , was based in large part on the teachings of the Yin-Yang and Five-Elements School , which was traditionally founded by Tsou Yen .
According to this doctrine , the universe was ruled by Heaven , T'ien -- as a natural force , or in the personification of a Supreme Sky-god -- governing all things by means of a process called the Tao , which can be roughly interpreted as `` the Order of the Universe '' or `` the Universal Way '' .
Heaven , acting through the Tao , expressed itself by means of the workings of two basic principles , the Yin and the Yang .
The Yang , or male principle , was the source of light , heat , and dynamic vitality , associated with the Sun ; ;
while the Yin , or female principle , flourished in darkness , cold , and quiet inactivity , and was associated with the Moon .
Together these two principles influenced all things , and in varying combinations they were present in everything .
We have already seen that odd numbers were considered as being Yang , while the even numbers were Yin , so that the eight outer numbers of the Lo Shu represented these two principles in balanced equilibrium around the axial center .
During the Han dynasty , another Yin-Yang conception was applied to the Lo Shu , considering the latter as a plan of Ancient China .
Instead of linking the nine numbers of this diagram with the traditional Nine Provinces , as was usually done , this equated the odd , Yang numbers with mountains ( firm and resistant , hence Yang ) and the even numbers with rivers ( sinuous and yielding , hence Yin ) ; ;
taking the former from the Five Sacred Mountains of the Han period and the latter from the principal river systems of Old China .
Thus the middle number , 5 , represented Sung-Shan in Honan , Central China ; ;
the 3 , T'ai-Shan in Shantung , East China ; ;
the 7 , Hwa-Shan in Shensi , West China ; ;
the 1 , Heng-Shan in Hopei , North China ( or the mountain with the same name in neighboring Shansi ) ; ;
and the 9 , Huo-Shan in Anhwei , which was then the South Sacred Mountain .
For the rivers , the 4 represented the Huai , to the ( then ) Southeast ; ;
the 2 , the San Kiang ( three rivers ) in the ( then ) Southwest ; ;
the 8 , the Chi in the Northeast ; ;
and the 6 , the ( upper ) Yellow River in the Northwest .
Note that by Western standards this plan was `` upside down '' , as it put North at the bottom and South at the top , with the other directions correspondingly altered ; ;
but in this respect it was merely following the accepted Chinese convention for all maps .
The same arrangement was used when the Lo Shu was equated with the Nine Provinces ; ;
and whenever the Lo Shu involved directional symbolism , it was oriented in this same fashion .
Few persons who join the Church are insincere .
They earnestly desire to do the will of God .
When they fall by the wayside and fail to achieve Christian stature , it is an indictment of the Church .
These fatalities are dramatic evidence of `` halfway evangelism '' , a failure to follow through .
A program of Lay Visitation Evangelism can end in dismal defeat with half the new members drifting away unless practical plans and strenuous efforts are made to keep them in the active fellowship .
The work of Lay Visitation Evangelism is not completed when all of the persons on the Responsibility List have been interviewed .
In the average situation about one-third of those visited make commitments to Christ and the Church .
The pastor and the Membership Preparation and Assimilation Committee must follow through immediately with a carefully planned program .
The first thirty to sixty days after individuals make their decision will determine their interest and participation in the life of the Church .
Neglect means spiritual paralysis or death .
Preparation for membership
churches that have a carefully planned program of membership preparation and assimilation often keep 85 to 90 per cent of their new members loyal and active .
This is the answer to the problem of `` membership delinquency '' .
It is important that persons desiring to unite with the Church be prepared for this experience so that it may be meaningful and spiritually significant .
It is unfair and unchristian to ask a person to take the sacred vows of Church membership before he has been carefully instructed concerning their implications .
Preparation for Church membership begins immediately after the commitment is received .
None should ask less .
Those who join the Church need to be instructed in the faith and the meaning of Christian discipleship before they take the sacred vows .
They will have a greater appreciation for the Church and a deeper devotion to it if membership requires something of them .
Many churches find the Sunday school hour to be the most practical time for adult preparation classes .
Others meet on Sunday night , at the mid-week service , or for a series of four nights .
Some pastors have two sessions in one evening , with a refreshment period between .
The sessions should cover four major areas.
Following each instruction period a piece of literature dealing with the topic should be handed each one for further reading during the week .
This procedure is much more effective than giving out a membership packet .
Fourth session important
most pastors find that the fourth session should take at least two hours and therefore hold it on a week night prior to Reception Sunday .
In this session the persons seeking membership are provided information concerning the work of the denomination as well as the program and activities of the local church .
The lay leadership of the church may be invited to speak on the various phases of church life , service opportunities , the church school , missions , men's work , women's work , youth program , social activities , and finances .
The budget of the church may be presented and pledges solicited at this session .
An `` interest finder '' or `` talent sheet '' may be filled out by each person .
See sample on pp. 78-79 .
The fourth session may be concluded with a tour of the church facilities and refreshments .
The social time gives an opportunity for church leaders to become acquainted with the new members .
Additional suggestions for membership preparation
in conducting the Membership Preparation-Inquirers' Class , the pastor should plan a variety of teaching techniques in order to develop greater interest on the part of the class .
The following have been found effective .
Extend the number of classes .
Some churches have six or more training sessions of two hours each , generally held on Sunday night or during the week .
This gives greater opportunity for the learning process.
Use audio-visual aids .
Some excellent filmstrips with recordings and motion pictures may be secured from your denominational headquarters to enrich the class session .
Have a `` Question Box '' .
Some new members will hesitate to ask questions audibly .
Urge them to write out their questions for the box .
Use a textbook with assigned readings each week .
Select class members for reports on various phases of the study .
Conduct examinations , using a true-false check sheet .
Ask each member to write a statement on such topics as : `` What Christ Means To Me '' , `` What The Church Means To Me '' , `` Why Join The Church '' , `` The Duties Of Church Members '' , etc. .
Assign a series of catechism questions to be memorized .
Invite class members to share in an extra period of Bible study each week .
Ask each new member to bring his Pledge of Loyalty to the Reception Service .
What about transfers ? ?
There is A growing conviction among pastors and Church leaders that all those who come into the fellowship of the Church need preparatory training , including those coming by transfer of membership .
George E. Sweazey writes : `` There is danger in trying to make admission to the Church so easy and painless that people will scarcely know that anything has happened '' .
People appreciate experiences that demand something of them .
Those who transfer their membership are no exception to the rule .
For most of them , it will be their first experience in membership training , since this is a recent development in many churches .
Those coming from other denominations will welcome the opportunity to become informed .
The preparatory class is an introductory face-to-face group in which new members become acquainted with one another .
It provides a natural transition into the life of the local church and its organizations .
Reception into the Church Fellowship
the total process of evangelism reaches the crescendo when the group of new members stands before the congregation to declare publicly their faith and to be received into the fellowship of the Church .
This should be a high moment in their lives , a never-to-be-forgotten experience .
They should sense the tremendous significance of joining the spiritual succession reaching back to Christ our Lord and forward to an eternal fellowship with the saints of the ages .
Every detail of the service merits careful attention -- the hymns , the sermon , the ritual , the right hand of fellowship , the introduction to the congregation , the welcome of the congregation .
This is a vital part of their spiritual growth and assimilation .
It will help to determine the attitude of the new members toward the Church .
It can mean the difference between participation and inaction , spiritual growth and decay .
The worship service is the natural and logical time to receive new members into the Church .
The atmosphere for this momentous experience can be created most effectively through the worship experience .
Psychologically the reception should be the climax , following the sermon .
1 )
Ask the new members to meet thirty minutes before the service to complete `` talent sheets '' and pledge cards .
Some denominations ask new members to sign personally the chronological membership register .
Provide a name card for each new member .
Outline plans for the entire service .
2 )
Arrange a reserved section in the sanctuary where all new members may sit together .
Sponsors may sit with them also .
3 )
Invite sponsors or Fellowship Friends to stand back of the new members in the reception service .
4 )
Give each new member a certificate of membership .
5 )
Introduce each new member to the congregation , asking him to face the congregation .
6 )
Lead the congregation in a response of welcome .
7 )
Have a reception for new members in the parlor or social hall immediately after the service .
8 )
Take a picture of the group of new members to be put in the church paper or placed on the bulletin board .
9 )
Have a fellowship luncheon or dinner with new members as guests .
Chapter 6 planning for the assimilation and growth of new members
the church is `` the family of God '' .
The members of the `` family '' are drawn together by a common love for Christ and a sincere devotion to His Kingdom .
Every member of the family must have a vital place in its life .
This is no spectator-type experience ; ;
everyone is to be a participant .
Yet the most difficult problem in the Church's program of evangelism is right at this point -- helping new members to become participating , growing parts of the fellowship .
Very easily they may be neglected and eventually join the ranks of the unconcerned and inactive .
A study of major denominational membership statistics over a twenty-year period revealed the appalling fact that nearly 40 per cent of those who joined the Church were lost to the Church within seven years .
One denomination had a membership of 1,419,833 at the beginning of the period under study , and twenty years later its membership stood at 1,541,991 -- a net growth of only 122,158 .
Yet during the same period there were 1,080,062 additions .
Another major church body had 4,499,608 members and twenty years later its membership stood at 4,622,444 .
During this time 4,122,354 new members were brought into the fellowship .
Still another denomination had 7,360,187 members twenty years ago .
During this period 7,484,268 members were received , yet the net membership now is only 9,910,741 .
These figures indicate that we are losing almost as many as we are receiving into membership .
This problem is illustrated by the fact that many local churches drop from the active membership rolls each year as many as they receive into the fellowship .
Studies of membership trends , even in some areas where population is expanding , show that numbers of churches have had little net increase , though many new members were received .
Something is wrong when these things happen .
The local `` family of God '' has failed its new members through neglect and unconcern for their spiritual welfare .
Basic needs
new members can become participating , growing members .
But this will not happen merely through the natural process of social life .
It must be planned and carefully developed .
The entire membership of the local church must be alerted to their part in this dynamic process .
If the church has followed the plan of cultivation of prospects and carried through a program of membership preparation as outlined earlier in this book , the process of assimilation and growth will be well under way .
Those who enter the front door of the church intelligently and with Christian dedication will not so easily step through the back door because of lost interest .
However , it is not enough to bring persons to Christian commitment and train them in the meaning of Christian discipleship .
When they unite with the Church they must find in this fellowship the satisfaction of their basic spiritual needs or they will never mature into effective Christians .
The Church expects certain things of those who become members .
The new members justifiably expect some things from their church family :
-- Welcome into the fellowship
-- Sincere Christian love and understanding
-- Inspiring and challenging worship experiences
-- Social and recreational activities
-- Opportunities for Christian service
-- Opportunities for study of the Christian faith and the Bible
-- Creative prayer experiences
-- Guidance in Christian social concerns .
Men need unity and they need God .
Care must be taken neither to confuse unity with uniformity nor God with our parochial ideas about him , but with these two qualifications , the statement stands .
The statement also points to a classic paradox : The more men turn toward God , who is not only in himself the paradigm of all unity but also the only ground on which human unity can ultimately be established , the more men splinter into groups and set themselves apart from one another .
To be reminded of this we need only glance at the world map and note the extent to which religious divisions have compounded political ones , with a resultant fragmentation of the human race .
Massacres attending the partition of India and the establishment of the State of Israel are simply recent grim evidences of the hostility such divisions can engender .
The words of Cardinal Newman come forcibly to mind : `` Oh how we hate one another for the love of God '' ! !
The source of this paradox is not difficult to identify .
It lies in institutions .
Institutions require structure , form , and definition , and these in turn entail differentiation and exclusion .
A completely amorphous institution would be a contradiction in terms ; ;
to escape this fate , it must rule some things out .
For every criterion which defines what something is , at the same time proclaims -- implicitly if not openly -- what that something is not .
Some persons are so sensitive to this truth as to propose that we do away with institutions altogether ; ;
in the present context this amounts to the advice that while being religious may have a certain justification , we ought to dispense with churches .
The suggestion is naive .
Man is at once a gregarious animal and a form-creating being .
Having once committed himself to an ideal which he considers worthwhile , he inevitably creates forms for its expression and institutions for its continuance .
To propose that men be religious without having religious institutions is like proposing that they be learned without having schools .
Both eventualities are possible logically , but practically they are impossible .
As much as men intrinsically need the unity that is grounded in God , they instrumentally require the institutions that will direct their steps toward him .
Yet the fact remains that such institutions do set men at odds with their fellows .
Is there any way out of the predicament ? ?
The only way that I can see is through communication .
Interfaith communication need not be regarded as an unfortunate burden visited upon us by the necessity of maintaining diplomatic relations with our adversaries .
Approached creatively , it is a high art .
It is the art of relating the finite to the infinite , of doing our best to insure that the particularistic requirements of religious institutions will not thwart God's intent of unity among men more than is minimally necessary .
In a certain sense , interfaith communication parallels diplomatic communication among the nation-states .
What are the pertinent facts affecting such communication at the present juncture of history ? ?
I shall touch on three areas : personal , national , and theological .
1 )
By personal factors I mean those rooted in personality structure .
Some interfaith tensions are not occasioned by theological differences at all , but by the need of men to have persons they can blame , distrust , denounce , and even hate .
Such needs may rise to pathological proportions .
Modern psychology has shown that paralleling `` the authoritarian personality '' is `` the bigoted personality '' in which insecurity , inferiority , suspicion , and distrust combine to provide a target for antagonism so indispensable that it will be manufactured if it does not exist naturally .
Fortunately the number of pathological bigots appears to be quite small , but it would be a mistake to think that more than a matter of degree separates them from the rest of us .
To some extent the personal inadequacies that prejudices attempt to compensate for are to be found in all of us .
Interfaith conflicts which spring from psychological deficiencies are the most unfortunate of all , for they have no redeeming features whatsoever .
It is difficult to say what can be done about them except that we must learn to recognize when it is they , rather than pretexts for them , that are causing the trouble , and do everything possible to nurture the healthy personalities that will prevent the development of such deficiencies .
2 )
While the personality factors that aggravate interfaith conflict may be perennial , nationalism is more variable .
The specific instance I have in mind is the Afro-Asian version which has gained prominence only in this second half of the twentieth century .
eadful , find himself forced into inaction .
He does what he can and may and must , without regarding himself as lord of the future or , on the other hand , as covered with guilt by accident or unforeseen consequences or by results he did not `` permit '' in the sense explained .
By contrast , a good deal of nuclear pacifism begins with the contingencies and the probabilities , and not with the moral nature of the action to be done ; ;
and by deriving legitimate decision backward from whatever may conceivably or possibly or probably result , whether by anyone's doing or by accident , it finds itself driven to inaction , to non-political action in politics and non-military action in military affairs , and to the not very surprising discovery that there are now no distinctions on which the defense of justice can possibly be based .
Mr. Philip Toynbee writes , for example , that `` in terms of probability it is surely as likely as not that mutual fear will lead to accidental war in the near future if the present situation continues .
If it continues indefinitely it is nearly a statistical certainty that a mistake will be made and that the devastation will begin '' .
Against such a termination of human life on earth by human action , he then proposes as an alternative that we `` negotiate at once with the Russians and get the best terms which are available '' , that we deliberately `` negotiate from comparative weakness '' .
He bravely attempts to face this alternative realistically , i.e. , by considering the worst possible outcome , namely , the total domination of the world by Russia within a few years .
This would be by far the better choice , when `` it is a question of allowing the human race to survive , possibly under the domination of a regime which most of us detest , or of allowing it to destroy itself in appalling and prolonged anguish '' .
Nevertheless , the consequence of the policy proposed is everywhere subtly qualified : it is `` a possible result , however improbable '' ; ;
`` the worst , and least probable '' result ; ;
`` if it didn't prevail mankind would still be given the opportunity of prevailing '' ; ;
for `` surely anything is better than a policy which allows for the possibility of nuclear war '' .
If we have not thought and made a decision entirely in these terms , then we need to submit ourselves to the following `` simple test '' : `` Have we decided how we are to kill the other members of our household in the event of our being less injured than they are '' ? ?
Thus , moral decision must be entirely deduced backward from the likely eventuality ; ;
it is no longer to be formulated in terms of the nature of present action itself , its intention , and proximate effect or the thing to be done .
Several of the replies to Mr. Toynbee , without conscious resort to the traditional terminology with regard to the permission of evil , succeed in restoring the actual context in which present moral and political decisions must be made , by distinguishing between choosing a great evil and choosing in danger of this evil .
`` It is worse for a nation to give in to evil than to run the risk of annihilation '' .
`` I am consciously prepared to run the continued risk of ' race suicide by accident ' rather than accept the alternative certainty of race slavery by design .
But I can only make this choice because I believe that the risk need not increase , but may be deliberately reduced '' ( by precautions against accidents or by limiting war ? ?
) `` Quoting Mr. Kennan's phrase that anything would be better than a policy which led inevitably to nuclear war , he ( Toynbee ) says that anything is better than a policy which allows for the possibility of nuclear war '' .
`` If asked to choose between a terrible probability and a more terrible possibility , most men will choose the latter '' .
`` If Philip Toynbee is claiming that the choice lies between capitulation and the risk of nuclear war , I think he is right .
I do not accept that the choice is between capitulation and the certainty of nuclear war '' .
Even Professor Arnold Toynbee , agreeing with his son , does so in these terms : `` Compared to continuing to incur a constant risk of the destruction of the human race , all other evils are lesser evils .
Let us therefore put first things first , and make sure of preserving the human race at whatever the temporary price may be '' .
Mr. Philip Toynbee affirms at one point that if he shared the anticipations of Orwell in Nineteen Eighty-Four , if he believed Communism was not only evil but `` also irredeemably evil '' , then he might `` think it right to do anything rather than to take the risk of a communist world .
Even a nuclear holocaust is a little less frightful to contemplate than a race of dehumanised humans occupying the earth until doomsday '' .
No political order or economic system is so clearly contrary to nature .
But one does not have to affirm the existence of an evil order irredeemable in that sense , or a static order in which no changes will take place in time , to be able truthfully to affirm the following fact : there has never been justitia imprinted in social institutions and social relationships except in the context of some pax-ordo preserved by clothed or naked force .
On their way to the Heavenly City the children of God make use of the pax-ordo of the earthly city and acknowledge their share in responsibility for its preservation .
Not to repel injury and uphold and improve pax-ordo means not simply to accept the misshapen order and injustice that challenges it at the moment , but also to start down the steep slope along which justice can find no place whereon to stand .
Toynbee seems to think that there is some other way to give justice social embodiment .
`` I would far rather die after a Russian occupation of this country -- by some deliberate act of refusal -- than die uselessly by atomisation '' .
Would such an act of refusal be useful ? ?
He does not mean , in fact he addresses himself specifically to reject the proposition , that `` if we took the risk of surrendering , a new generation in Britain would soon begin to amass its strength in secret in order to reverse the consequences of that surrender '' .
He wants to be `` brutally frank and say that these rebellions would be hopeless -- far , far more hopeless than was the Hungarian revolution of 1956 '' .
This is not a project for regaining the ground for limited war , by creating a monopoly in one power of the world's arsenal of unlimited weapons .
It is a proposal that justice now be served by means other than those that have ever preconditioned the search for it , or preconditioned more positive means for attaining it , in the past .
`` It is no good recommending surrender rather than nuclear warfare with the proviso that surrender could be followed by the effective military resistance by occupied peoples .
Hope for the future would lie in the natural longing of the human race for freedom and the right to develop '' .
This is to surrender in advance to whatever attack may yet be mounted , to the very last ; ;
it is to stride along the steep slope downward .
The only contrary action , in the future as in the past , runs the risk of war ; ;
and , now and in the future unlike in the past , any attempt to repel injury and to preserve any particular civilized attainment of mankind or its provisional justice runs some risk of nuclear warfare and the danger that an effect of it will , by human action , render this planet less habitable by the human race .
That is why it is so very important that ethical analysis keep clear the problem of decision as to `` permitted '' effects , and not draw back in fright from any conceivable contingency or suffer paralysis of action before possibilities or probabilities unrelated , or not directly morally related , to what we can and may and must do as long as human history endures .
Finally , just as no different issues are posed for thoughtful analysis by the foreshortening of time that may yet pass before the end of human life on this earth , but only stimulation and alarm to the imagination , the same thing must be said in connection with the question of what we may perhaps already be doing , by human action , to accelerate this end .
We should not allow the image of an immanent end brought about indirectly by our own action in the continuing human struggle for a just endurable order of existence to blind us to the fact that in some measure accelerating the end of our lease may be one consequence among others of many other of mankind's thrusts toward we know not what future .
Much more than shelter , housing symbolizes social status , a sense of `` belonging '' , acceptance within a given group or neighborhood , identification with particular cultural values and social institutions , feelings of pride and worth , aspirations and hopes basic to human well-being .
For almost one-sixth of the national population discrimination in the free selection of residence casts a considerable shadow upon these values assumed as self-evident by most Americans .
Few business groups in recent years have come under heavier pressure to face these realities than real estate brokers and home builders .
This pressure has urged re-evaluation of the assumptions underlying their professional ethics ; ;
it has sought new sympathy for the human aspirations of racial minority groups in this country .
It is not surprising that , as spokesman for real estate interests , the National Association of Real Estate Boards ( NAREB ) and its local associations have sought to limit and often ignore much of this pressure .
How does the local realtor see himself in the context of housing restrictions based on race , religion or ethnic attachment ? ?
What does he conceive his role to be in this area of social unrest ? ?
What ought to be , what is his potential role as a force for constructive social change ? ?
What social , ethical and theological insights can the church and university help him bring to bear upon his situation ? ?
Recently , a group of the faculty at Wesleyan University's Public Affairs Center sought some answers to these questions .
Several New England realtors were invited to participate in a small colloquium of property lawyers , political scientists , economists , social psychologists , social ethicists and theologians .
Here , in an atmosphere of forthrightness and mutual criticism , each sought to bring his particular insights to bear upon the question of discrimination in housing and the part each man present played in it .
For a number of years , Wesleyan has been drawing varied groups of political and business leaders into these informal discussions with members of the faculty and student body , attempting to explore and clarify aspects of their responsibility for public policy .
This article presents our observations of that session , of the realtors as they saw themselves and as the faculty and students saw them .
Such conversation quickly reveals an ethically significant ambivalence in the self-images held by most realtors .
Within the membership of this group , as has been found true of men in other professional or trade associations , the most ready portrayal of oneself to `` the public '' is that of a neutral agent simply serving the interests of a seller or buyer and mediating between them .
Professional responsibility is seen to consist largely in serving the wishes of the client fairly and in an efficient manner .
But as conversation goes on , particularly among the realtors themselves , another image emerges , that of considerable power and influence in the community .
Obviously , much more than customer expectation is determining the realtor's role .
Judgments are continually rendered regarding the potential buyers' income , educational level and above all , racial extraction ; ;
and whether these would qualify them for `` congenial '' , `` happy '' relations to other people in certain community areas .
A narrow professionalism
How explicit such factors have been historically is evident in any chronology of restrictive covenant cases or in a review of NAREB's Code of Ethics Article 34 in the Code , adopted in 1924 , states that `` a Realtor should never be instrumental in introducing into a neighborhood a character of property or occupancy , members of any race or nationality or any individuals whose presence will clearly be detrimental to property values in that neighborhood '' .
Though the reference to race was stricken by the association in 1950 , being an agent of such `` detrimental '' influences still appears as the cardinal sin realtors see themselves committed to avoid .
The rationale for this avoidance was most frequently expressed in economic terms ; ;
all feared the supposed stigma they believed would inevitably attach to any realtor who openly introduced non-white , particularly Negro , peoples into all-white , restricted areas .
They would become tagged as men not interested in being purely real estate `` professionals '' but agitators for some kind of `` cause '' or `` reform '' , and this was no longer to be a `` pro '' .
Obviously what we are confronted with here is the identification of `` professional '' with narrow skills and specialization , the effective servicing of a client , rather than responsiveness to the wider and deeper meaning and associations of one's work .
These men -- for the most part educated in our `` best '' New England colleges , well established financially and socially in the community -- under kindly but insistent probing , reveal little or no objective or explicit criteria or data for their generalizations about the interests and attitudes of the people they claim to serve , or about the public responses that actually follow their occasional breach of a `` client-service relationship '' .
This narrow `` professionalism '' does not even fit the present realities of their situation , as the pressure of minorities and the power and respectability of the realtors increase .
As our discussion continued , the inadequacy of the `` client relationship '' as an interpretation of their `` way of operating '' became evident .
Realtors live in their communities as specialists in a given area of work , as members of social and professional organizations , as citizens and civic leaders , as church laymen , as university alumni , as newspaper readers , etc. .
From such communal roles the realtor finds the substance that shapes his moral understanding .
It seems to us that choices exercised by realtors in moral situations center in at least three areas : ( 1 ) the various ways in which they interpret a particular social issue ; ;
( 2 ) their pattern of involvement in the regular legal and political processes ; ;
and , most pervasively , ( 3 ) their interpretation of who is a `` real pro '' , of what it means to be a professional man in a technical , fragmented society .
( 1 ) Most of the realtors minimized their own understanding of and role in the racial issue , pleading that they only reflect the attitudes and intentions of their society .
There is some reality to this ; ;
the Commission on Race and Housing concluded that `` there is no reason to believe that real estate men are either more or less racially prejudiced , on the whole , than any other segment of the American population '' .
But such a reaction obscures the powerful efforts made in the past by both NAREB and its local boards for the maintenance of restrictive clauses and practices .
Also , it does not recognize the elements of choice and judgment continually employed .
Like business and university groups generally , these men had very limited knowledge of recent sociological and psychological studies and findings that might illumine the decisions they make .
Realtors , both generally and in this group , have invariably equated residential integration with a decline in property values , a circumstance viewed with considerable apprehension .
Recent studies by the Commission on Race and Housing and others , however , point to a vast complex of factors that often do not warrant this conclusion .
There are increasing numbers of neighborhoods that are integrated residentially without great loss of property values , the white population having taken the initiative in preparing the areas for an appreciation of the Negroes' desire for well-kept housing , privacy , etc. .
Data on the decline of property values in an area after a new racial group enters it has to be assessed in terms of the trends in property values before the group comes in .
Often they are able to get in only because the area is declining economically .
Significantly , no realtor and few of the faculty present were familiar with any of the six volumes ( published by the University of California Press ) that present the commission's findings .
No one anticipates any radical shift in this situation , but questions concerning reading habits , the availability of such data and the places where it is discussed must surely be raised .
The role of both church and university as sources of information and settings within which the implications of such information may be explored needs consideration .
Relevant `` facts '' , however , extend beyond considerations of property values and maintenance of `` harmonious '' neighborhoods .
Discussion of minority housing necessarily involves such basic issues as the intensity of one's democratic conviction and religious belief concerning equality of opportunity , the function and limitations of government in the securing of such equality , and the spotlight that world opinion plays upon local incidents of racial agitation and strife .
`` Against the grain of creation ''
( 2 ) Realtors realize , of course , that they are involved in an increasingly complex legal and political system that is opening up opportunities for leverage on their relation to clients as well as opportunities for evasion of their responsibility for racial discrimination in housing .
On the positive side , recent Federal action has largely undermined the legal sanction so long enjoyed by the segregationist position ; ;
anti-discriminatory statutes in housing have now been adopted by thirteen states and , while specific provisions have varied , the tendency is clearly toward expanding coverage .
Realtors in attendance at the colloquium expressed interest , for example , in Connecticut's new housing law as setting standards of equity that they would like `` to have to obey '' , but in support of which none had been willing to go on public record .
As far as they were aware , the Connecticut Association of Real Estate Boards had not officially opposed the bill's passage or lobbied in its support .
( This has not been the case everywhere .
In 1957 , the Real Estate Boards of New York City actively opposed the then pending private housing anti-discrimination law .
Official reasoning : the bill was a `` wanton invasion of basic property rights '' .
)
There are sins of omission as well as commission ; ;
the attitude adopted by realtors and their associations , either negative or positive , plays a large part in the public acceptance of such measures and the degree to which they may be effectively enforced .
Judicial opinion since the Supreme Court decision on Shelley v. Kraemer ( 1948 ) has rendered racial restrictive covenants unenforcible .
Such a decision should have placed a powerful weapon in the hands of the entire housing industry , but there is little evidence that realtors , or at least their associations , have repudiated the principle in such clauses .
In the states that have passed laws preventing discrimination in the sale or rental of housing , support by real estate associations for compliance and broadened coverage through additional legislation could help remove the label of `` social reformism '' that most realtors individually seem determined to avoid .
But as yet , no real estate board has been willing officially to support such laws or to admit the permissibility of introducing minority buyers into all-white neighborhoods .
One of the roles of the social scientist , ethicist or theologian in our discussions with the realtors became that of encouraging greater awareness of the opportunities offered by the legal and political processes for the exercise of broad social responsibilities in their work .
But responsiveness to these opportunities presumes that all of us judge the good as a human good and not simply as a professional , white , American good .
Such judgments are meaningful only in so far as persons are members of a world , let us say a community , that embraces Scarsdale or Yonkers , but is also infinitely richer since it is all-inclusive .
That community of all creation is , then , the ultimate object of our loyalty and the concrete norm of all moral judgment .
Racial discrimination is wrong , then , not because it goes against the grain of a faculty member trying to converse with a few realtors but because it goes against the grain of creation and against the will of the Creator .
Thus , moral issues concerning the nature of the legal and political processes take on theological dimensions .
A fragmented Society
( 3 ) Over the years , individuals engaged in the sale of real estate have developed remarkable unity in the methods and practices employed .
Most realtors and real estate brokers talk of themselves as `` professional people '' with the cultural and moral values held by the traditional professions .
But what significance attaches to `` professional '' , beyond the narrow sense of skillfulness in meeting a client's stated needs as already noted ? ?
Our faculty and students pressed this issue more than any other .
As a theologian in the group pointed out , a professional was , before the modern period of technical specialization , one who `` professed '' to be a bearer and critic of his culture in the use of his particular skills .
If we look about the world today , we can see clearly that there are two especially significant factors shaping the future of our civilization : science and religion .
Science is placing in our hands the ultimate power of the universe , the power of the atom .
Religion , or the lack of it , will decide whether we use this power to build a brave new world of peace and abundance for all mankind , or whether we misuse this power to leave a world utterly destroyed .
How can we have the wisdom to meet such a new and difficult challenge ? ?
We may feel pessimistic at the outlook .
And yet there is a note of hope , because this same science that is giving us the power of the atom is also giving us atomic vision .
We are looking inside the atom and seeing there a universe which is not material but something beyond the material , a universe that in a word is not matter but music .
And it is in this new vision of the atom that we find an affirmation and an invigoration of our faith .
Atomic energy
To see this vision in perspective , we need first of all a clear idea of the magnitude of this new power from the atom .
You know that I could hold right here in my hand the little chunk of uranium metal that was the heart of the bomb that dropped on Hiroshima .
It was only about the size of a baseball ; ;
but packed in that metallic ball there was the explosive force of 20,000 tons of Aj .
That is enough TNT to fill the tower of the Empire State Building ; ;
and with the availability of bombs of that size , war became a new problem .
Now we might have restricted the use of uranium bombs by controlling the sources of uranium because it is found in only a few places in the world .
But we had hardly started to adjust our thinking to this new uranium weapon when we were faced with the hydrogen bomb .
Hydrogen is just as plentiful as uranium is scarce .
We know that we have hydrogen in water ; ;
water is Af and the H stands for hydrogen ; ;
there is also hydrogen in wood and hydrogen in our bodies .
I have calculated that if I could snap my fingers in one magic gesture to release the power of all the hydrogen in my body , I would explode with the force of a hundred bombs of the kind that fell on Hiroshima .
I won't try the experiment , but I think you can see that if we all knew the secret and we could all let ourselves go , there would be quite an explosion .
And then think how little hydrogen we have in us compared with the hydrogen in Delaware Bay or in the ocean beyond .
Salt water is still Af , the same hydrogen is there .
And the size of the ocean shows us the magnitude of the destructive power we hold in our hands today .
Of course , there is also an optimistic side to the picture .
For if I knew the secret of letting this power in my body change directly into electricity , I could rent myself out to the electric companies and with just the power in my body I could light all the lights and run all the factories in the entire United States for some days .
And think , if we all knew this secret and we could pool our power , what a wonderful public utility company we would make .
With just the hydrogen of our bodies , we could run the world for years .
Then think of Delaware Bay and the ocean and you see that we have a supply of power for millions of years to come .
It is power with which we can literally rebuild the world , provide adequate housing , food , education , abundant living for everyone everywhere .
An octillion atoms
Now let us see where this power comes from .
To grasp our new view of the atom , we have to appreciate first of all how small the atom is .
I have been trying to make this clear to my own class in chemistry .
One night there were some dried peas lying on our kitchen table , and these peas looked to me like a little group of atoms ; ;
and I asked myself a question : Suppose I had the same number of peas as there are atoms in my body , how large an area would they cover ? ?
I calculated first that there are about an octillion atoms in the average human body ; ;
that is a figure one with 27 ciphers , quite a large number .
Then I calculated that a million peas would just about fill a household refrigerator ; ;
a billion peas would fill a small house from cellar to attic ; ;
a trillion peas would fill all the houses in a town of about ten thousand people ; ;
and a quadrillion peas would fill all the buildings in the city of Philadelphia .
I saw that I would soon run out of buildings at this rate , so I decided to take another measure -- the whole state of Pennsylvania .
Imagine that there is a blizzard over Pennsylvania , but instead of snowing snow , it snows peas ; ;
so we get the whole state covered with peas , about four feet deep .
You can imagine what it would look like going out on the turnpike with the peas banked up against the houses and covering the cars ; ;
Pennsylvania thus blanketed would contain about a quintillion peas .
But we still have a long way to go .
Next we imagine our blizzard raging over all the land areas of the entire globe -- North America , South America , Europe , Asia , and Africa , all covered with peas four feet deep ; ;
then we have sextillion peas .
Next we freeze over the oceans and cover the whole earth with peas , then we go out among the neighboring stars , collect 250 planets each the size of the earth , and also cover each of these with peas four feet deep ; ;
and then we have septillion .
Finally we go into the farthest reaches of the Milky Way ; ;
we get 250,000 planets ; ;
we cover each of these with our blanket of peas and then at last we have octillion peas corresponding in number to the atoms in the body .
So you see how small an atom is and how complicated you are .
A speck -- and space
Now although an atom is small , we can still in imagination have a look at it .
Let us focus on an atom of calcium from the tip of the bone of my finger and let us suppose that I swallow a magic Alice In Wonderland growing pill .
I start growing rapidly and this calcium atom grows along with me .
I shoot up through the roof , into the sky , past the clouds , through the stratosphere , out beyond the moon , out among the planets , until I am over a hundred and fifty million miles long .
Then this atom of calcium will swell to something like a great balloon a hundred yards across , a balloon big enough to put a football field inside .
And if you should step inside of such a magnified atom , according to the physics of forty years ago , you would see circulating over your head , down at the sides , and under your feet , some twenty luminous balls about the size of footballs .
These balls are moving in great circles and ellipses , and are of course , the electrons , the particles of negative electricity which by their action create the forces that tie this atom of calcium to the neighboring atoms of oxygen and make up the solid structure of my finger bone .
Since these electrons are moving like planets , you may wonder whether there is an atomic sun at the center of the atom .
So you look down there and you see a tiny , whirling point about the size of the head of a pin .
This is the atomic sun , the atomic nucleus .
Even if the atom were big enough to hold a football field , this nucleus is still only about the size of a pinhead .
It is this atomic nucleus that contains the positive charge of electricity holding these negatively charged electrons in their orbits ; ;
it also contains nearly all the mass , and the atomic energy .
You may ask what else there is , and the answer is nothing -- nothing but empty space .
And since you are made of atoms , you are nothing much but empty space , too .
If I could put your body in an imaginary atomic press and squeeze you down , squeeze these holes out of you in the way we squeeze the holes out of a sponge , you would get smaller and smaller until finally when the last hole was gone , you would be smaller than the smallest speck of dust that you could see on this piece of paper .
Someone has remarked that this is certainly the ultimate in reducing .
At any rate , it shows us how immaterial we are .
Music of the spheres
Now this 1920 view of the atom was on the whole a discouraging picture .
For we believed that the electrons obeyed the law of mechanics and electrodynamics ; ;
and therefore the atom was really just a little machine ; ;
and in mechanics the whole is no more than the sum of the parts .
So if you are made of atoms , you are just a big machine ; ;
and since the universe is also made of atoms , it is just a supermachine .
And this would mean that we live in a mechanistic universe , governed by the laws of cause and effect , bound in chains of determinism that hold the universe on a completely predetermined course in which there is not room for soul or spirit or human freedom .
And this is why so many scientists a half a century ago were agnostics or atheists .
Then came the scientific revolution in the late 1920's .
A suggestion from Louis De Broglie , a physicist in France , showed us that these electrons are not point particles but waves .
And to see the meaning of this new picture , imagine that you can put on more powerful glasses and go back inside the atom and have a look at it in the way we view it today .
Now as you step inside , instead of seeing particles orbiting around like planets , you see waves and ripples very much like the ripples that you get on the surface of a pond when you drop a stone into it .
These ripples spread out in symmetrical patterns like the rose windows of a great cathedral .
And as the waves flow back and forth and merge with the waves from the neighboring atoms , you can put on a magic hearing aid and you hear music .
It is a music like the music from a great organ or a vast orchestra playing a symphony .
Harmony , melody , counterpoint symphonic structure are there ; ;
and as this music ebbs and flows , there is an antiphonal chorus from all the atoms outside , in fact from the atoms of the entire universe .
And so today when we examine the structure of our knowledge of the atom and of the universe , we are forced to conclude that the best word to describe our universe is music .
The Island of Nantucket , part of the State of Massachusetts , lies about thirty-one miles southeast of its mother State .
Some of the Island is sand and is not suitable for living .
The Island folk have their living almost entirely from summer visitors ; ;
the rest is obtained from harbor scallops .
During about three and a half months of the year , in the summer , there are three boats that run from the mainland to the Island carrying passengers , food , and cars ; ;
but the rest of the year only one boat is needed , which ties up at the mainland nights and makes the trip down to Nantucket in the daytime .
This is a fine trip , too , on a good day .
With Martha's Vineyard on one side and the open sea on the other , it makes an excellent trip of about three hours .
To what extent and in what ways did Christianity affect the United States of America in the nineteenth century ? ?
How far and in what fashion did it modify the new nation which was emerging in the midst of the forces shaping the revolutionary age ? ?
To what extent did it mould the morals and the social , economic , and political life and institutions of the country ? ?
A complete picture is impossible -- partly because of the limitations of space , partly because for millions of individuals who professed allegiance to the Christian faith data are unobtainable .
Even more of an obstacle is the difficulty of separating the influence of Christianity from other factors .
Although a complete picture cannot be given , we can indicate some aspects of life into which the Christian faith entered as at least one creative factor .
At times we can say that it was the major factor .
What in some ways was the most important aspect was the impact individually on the millions who constituted the nation .
As we have seen , a growing proportion , although in 1914 still a minority , were members of churches .
Presumably those who did not have a formal church connexion had also felt the influence of Christianity to a greater or lesser extent .
Many of them had once been members of a church or at least had been given instruction in Christianity but for one or another reason had allowed the connexion to lapse .
The form of Christianity to which they were exposed was for some the Protestantism of the older stock , for others the Protestantism of the nineteenth-century immigration ; ;
for still others , mostly of the nineteenth-century immigration , it was Roman Catholicism , and for a small minority it was Eastern Orthodoxy .
Upon all of them played the intellectual , social , political , and economic attitudes , institutions , and customs of the nation .
Upon most of these Christianity had left an impress and through them had had a share in making the individual what he was .
Yet to determine precisely to what extent and exactly in what ways any individual showed the effects of Christianity would be impossible .
At best only an approximation could be arrived at .
To generalize for the entire nation would be absurd .
For instance , we cannot know whether even for church members the degree of conformity to Christian standards of morality increased or declined as the proportion of church members in the population rose .
The temptation is to say that , as the percentage of church members mounted , the degree of discipline exercised by the churches lessened and the trend was towards conformity to the general level .
Yet this cannot be proved .
We know that in the early part of the century many Protestant congregations took positive action against members who transgressed the ethical codes to which the majority subscribed .
Thus Baptist churches on the frontier took cognizance of charges against their members of drunkenness , fighting , malicious gossip , lying , cheating , sexual irregularities , gambling , horse racing , and failure to pay just debts .
If guilty , the offender might be excluded from membership .
As church membership burgeoned , such measures faded into desuetude .
But whether this was accompanied by a general lowering of the moral life of the membership we do not know .
What we can attempt with some hope of dependable conclusions is to point out the manner in which Christianity entered into particular aspects of the life of the nation .
We have already hinted at the fashion in which Christianity contributed to education and so to intellectual life .
We will now speak of the ways in which it helped shape the ideals of the country and of the manner in which it stimulated efforts to attain those ideals through reform movements , through programmes for bringing the collective life to the nation to conformity to Christian standards , and through leaders in the government .
Throughout the nineteenth century Christianity exerted its influence on American society as a whole primarily through the Protestantism of the older stock .
By the end of the century the Roman Catholic Church was beginning to make itself felt , mainly through such institutions as hospitals but also through its attitude towards organized labour .
In the twentieth century its influence grew , as did that of the Protestantism of the nineteenth-century immigration .
The American dream
The ideals of the country were deeply indebted to the Protestantism of the older stock .
Thus `` America '' , the most widely sung of the patriotic songs , was written by a New England Baptist clergyman , Samuel Francis Smith ( 1808-1895 ) , while a student in Andover Theological Seminary .
With its zeal for liberty and its dependence on God it breathed the spirit which had been nourished on the Evangelical revivals .
The great seal of the United States was obviously inspired by the Christian faith .
Here was what was called the American dream , namely , the effort to build a structure which would be something new in history and to do so in such fashion that God could bless it .
Later in the century the dream again found expression in the lines of Katherine Lee Bates ( 1859-1929 ) , daughter and granddaughter of New England Congregational ministers , in her widely sung hymn , written in 1893 , `` America The Beautiful '' , with the words `` O beautiful for pilgrim feet whose stern impassioned stress a thoroughfare for freedom beat across the wilderness .
America , America , God mend thy every flaw , confirm thy soul in self control , the liberty in law .
O beautiful for patriot dream that sees beyond the years thine alabaster cities gleam undimmed by human tears .
America , America , God shed His grace on thee , and crown thy good with brotherhood from sea to shining sea '' .
The American dream was compounded of many strains .
Some were clearly of Christian origin , among them the Great Awakening and other revivals which helped to make Christian liberty , Christian equality , and Christian fraternity the passion of the land .
Some have seen revivalism and the search for Christian perfection as the fountain-head of the American hope .
Here , too , must be placed Unitarianism and , less obviously from Christian inspiration , Emerson , Transcendentalism , and the idealism of Walt Whitman .
We must also remember those who reacted against the dream as a kind of myth -- among them Melville , Hawthorne , and Henry James the elder , all of them out of a Christian background .
Reform movements
With such a dream arising , at least in part , from the Protestant heritage of the United States and built into the foundations of the nation , it is not surprising that many efforts were made to give it concrete expression .
A number were in the nature of movements to relieve or remove social ills .
Significantly , the initiation and leadership of a major proportion of the reform movements , especially those in the first half of the nineteenth century , came from men and women of New England birth or parentage and from either Trinitarian or Unitarian Congregationalism .
Several of the movements were given a marked impetus by revivalism .
Quakers , some from New England , had a larger share than their proportionate numerical strength would have warranted .
We do well to remind ourselves that from men and women of New England ancestry also issued the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints , the Seventh Day Adventists , Christian Science , the American Board of Commissioners for Foreign Missions , the American Home Missionary Society , the American Bible Society , and New England theology .
The atmosphere was one of optimism , of confidence in human progress , and of a determination to rid the world of its ills .
The Hopkinsian universal disinterested benevolence , although holding to original sin and the doctrine of election , inspired its adherents to heroic endeavours for others , looked for the early coming of the Millennium , and was paralleled by the confidence in man's ability cherished by the Unitarians , Emerson , and the Transcendentalists .
We should recall the number of movements for the service of mankind which arose from the kindred Evangelicalism of the British Isles and the Pietism of the Continent of Europe -- among them prison reform , anti-slavery measures , legislation for the alleviation of conditions of labour , the Inner Mission , and the Red Cross .
We cannot take the space to record all the efforts for the removal or alleviation of collective ills .
A few of the more prominent must serve as examples of what a complete listing and description would disclose .
Several were born in the early decades and persisted throughout the century .
Others were ephemeral .
Some disappeared with the attainment of their purpose .
Still others sprang up late in the century to meet conditions which arose from fresh stages of the revolutionary age .
The anti-slavery movement
The movement to end Negro slavery began before 1815 and mounted after that year until , as a result of the Civil War , emancipation was achieved .
Long before 1815 the Christian conscience was leading some to declare slavery wrong and to act accordingly .
For example , in 1693 the Philadelphia Yearly Meeting of Friends declared that its members should emancipate their slaves and in 1776 it determined to exclude from membership all who did not comply .
In the latter year Samuel Hopkins , from whom the Hopkinsian strain of New England theology took its name , asked the Continental Congress to abolish slavery .
As we have seen , Methodism early took a stand against slavery .
Beginning at least as far back as 1789 various Baptist bodies condemned slavery .
After 1815 anti-slavery sentiment mounted , chiefly among Protestants and those of Protestant background of the older stock .
The nineteenth-century immigration , whether Protestant or Roman Catholic , was not so much concerned , for very few if any among them held slaves : they were mostly in the Northern states where slavery had disappeared or was on the way out , or were too poverty-stricken to own slaves .
The anti-slavery movement took many forms .
Benjamin Lundy ( 1789-1839 ) , a Quaker , was a pioneer in preparing the way for anti-slavery societies .
It was he who turned the attention of William Lloyd Garrison ( 1805-1879 ) to the subject .
Garrison , Massachusetts born of Nova Scotian parentage , was by temperament and conviction a reformer .
Chiefly remembered because of his incessant advocacy of `` immediate and unconditional abolition '' , he also espoused a great variety of other causes -- among them women's rights , prohibition , and justice to the Indians .
Incurably optimistic , dogmatic , and utterly fearless , in his youth a devout Baptist , in spite of his friendship for the Quaker poet John Greenleaf Whittier ( 1807-1892 ) he eventually attacked the orthodox churches for what he deemed their cowardly compromising on the slavery issue and in his invariably ardent manner was emphatically unorthodox and denied the plenary inspiration of the Bible .
A marked impulse came to the anti-slavery movement through the Finney revivals .
Finney himself , while opposed to slavery , placed his chief emphasis on evangelism , but from his converts issued much of the leadership of the anti-slavery campaign .
Theodore Dwight Weld ( 1803-1895 ) was especially active .
Weld was the son and grandson of New England Congregational ministers .
As a youth he became one of Finney's band of evangelists and gave himself to winning young men .
A strong temperance advocate , through the influence of a favorite teacher , Charles Stewart , another Finney convert , he devoted himself to the anti-slavery cause .
A group of young men influenced by him enrolled in Lane Theological Seminary and had to leave because of their open anti-slavery position .
The majority then went to the infant Oberlin .
They and others employed some of Finney's techniques as they sought to win adherents to the cause .
Weld contributed to the anti-slavery convictions of such men as Joshua R. Giddings and Edwin M. Stanton , enlisted John Quincy Adams , and helped provide ideas which underlay Harriet Beecher Stowe's Uncle Tom's Cabin .
He shunned publicity for himself and sought to avoid fame .
Wendell Phillips ( 1811-1884 ) , from a prominent Massachusetts family , in his teens was converted under the preaching of Lyman Beecher .
Although he later broke with the churches because he believed that they were insufficiently outspoken against social evils , he remained a devout Christian .
He was remembered chiefly for his fearless advocacy of abolition , but he also stood for equal rights for women , for opportunity for the freedmen , and for prohibition .
The anti-slavery movement and other contemporary reforms and philanthropies were given leadership and financial undergirding by Arthur Tappan ( 1786-1865 ) and his younger brother , Lewis Tappan ( 1788-1873 ) .
Individuals possessing unusual gifts and great personal power were transmuted at death into awesome spirits ; ;
they were almost immediately worshipped for these newer , even more terrible abilities .
Their direct descendants inherited not only their worldly fortunes , but also the mandate of their newfound power as spirits in the other half of the universe .
Royal lineages could be based on extraordinary worldly achievements translated into eternal otherworldly power .
Thus , the emperor could draw on sources not available to those with less puissant ancestors .
But this eminence was not without its weighty responsibilities .
Since he possessed more power in an interdependent universe of living beings and dead spirits , the emperor had to use it for the benefit of the living .
The royal ritual generated power into the other world : it also provided the living with a way to control the spirits , and bring their powers directly to bear on the everyday affairs of the world .
Proper ritual observance at any level of society was capable of generating power for use in the spirit world ; ;
but naturally , the royal ritual , which provided unusual control over already supremely powerful divine spirits , was held responsible for regulating the universe and insuring the welfare of the kingdom .
This is the familiar system of `` cosmic government '' .
The Chinese emperor , by proper observance of ritual , manifested divine powers .
He regulated the dualities of light and darkness , Yang and Yin , which are locked in eternal struggle .
By swaying the balance between them , he effected the alternation of the seasons .
His power was so great that he even promoted and demoted gods according to whether they had given ear or been deaf to petitions .
In this system , no man is exempt from obligations .
Failure in daily moral and ethical duties to one's family , outrages to community propriety , any departure from rigid standards of moral excellence were offenses against the dead .
And to offend the dead meant to incur their wrath , and thus provoke the unleashing of countrywide disasters .
The family home was , in fact , a temple ; ;
and the daily duties of individuals were basically religious in nature .
The dead spirits occupied a prominent place in every hope and in every fear .
The common belief was that there existed one moral order , which included everything .
The dead controlled the material prosperity of the living , and the living adhered to strict codes of conduct in order not to weaken that control .
Men believed they could control nature by obeying a moral code .
If the moral code were flouted , the proper balance of the universe would be upset , and the disastrous result could be floods , plague , or famine .
Modern Westerners have difficulty comprehending this fusion of moral and material , largely because in the West the historical trend has been to deny the connection .
Living in urban conditions , away from the deadweight of village constraint and the constrictions of a thatched-roof world view , the individual may find it possible , say , to commit adultery not only without personal misgivings , but also without suffering any adverse effects in his worldly fortunes .
Basing action on the empirical determination of cause and effect provides a toughness and bravado that no powerful otherworldly ancestor could ever impart -- plus the added liberation from the constraint of silent burial urns .
In China , the magical system par excellence was Taoism .
The Taoists were Quietist mystics , who saw an unchanging unity -- the Tao -- underlying all phenomena .
It was this timeless unity that was all-important , and not its temporary manifestations in the world of reality .
The Taoists believed the unity could be influenced by proper magical manipulation ; ;
in other words , they were actually an organization of magicians .
Mahayana Buddhism was no exception to these prevailing magical concepts .
After this form of Indian Buddhism had been introduced into China , it underwent extensive changes .
During its flowering in the sixth to the eighth centuries , Mahayana offered a supernatural package to the Chinese which bears no resemblance to the highly digested philosophical Zen morsels offered to the modern Western reader .
Mahayana had gods , and magic , a pantheon , heavens and hells , and gorgeously appareled priests , monks , and nuns , all of whom wielded power over souls in the other world .
The self-realized Mahayana saint possessed superhuman powers and magic .
The Mahayana that developed in the north was a religion of idolatry and coarse magic , that made the world into a huge magical garden .
In its monastic form , Mahayana was merely an organization of magic-practicing monks ( bonzes ) , who catered to the Chinese faith in the supernatural .
Nonmagical Confucianism was a secular , rational philosophy , but even with this different orientation it could not escape from the ethos of a cosmic government .
Confucianism had its own magic in the idea that virtue had power .
If a man lived a classical life , he need not fear the spirits -- for only lack of virtue gave the spirits power over him .
But let us not be mistaken about Confucian `` virtue '' ; ;
this was not virtue as we understand the word today , and it did not mean an abandonment of the belief in magic manipulation .
To the Confucian , `` virtue '' simply meant mastery and correct observance of three hundred major rules of ritual and three thousand minor ones .
Propriety was synonymous with ritual observance , the mark of a true gentleman .
To live correctly in an interdependent moral and material universe of living and dead was decisive for man's fate .
This , in brief , was the historical background out of which Zen emerged .
Promoters of Zen to the West record its ancestry , and recognize that Zen grew out of a combination of Taoism and Indian Mahayana Buddhism .
But the `` marvelous person '' that is supposed to result from Zen exhibits more Chinese practicality than Indian speculation -- he possesses magical powers , and can use them to order nature and to redeem souls .
Proponents of Zen to the West emphasize disproportionately the amount of Mahayana Buddhism in Zen , probably in order to dignify the indisputably magical Taoist ideas with more respectable Buddhist metaphysic .
But in the Chinese mind , there was little difference between the two -- the bonzes were no more metaphysical than a magician has to be .
Actually , Zen owes more to Chinese Quietism than it does to Mahayana Buddhism .
The Ch'an ( Zen ) sect may have derived its metaphysic from Mahayana , but its psychology was pure early Taoist .
This is well evidenced by the Quietist doctrines carried over in Zen : the idea of the inward turning of thought , the enjoinder to put aside desires and perturbations so that a return to purity , peace , and stillness -- a union with the Infinite , with the Tao -- could be effected .
In fact , the antipathy to outward ceremonies hailed by modern exponents as so uniquely characteristic of the `` direct thinking '' Zennist was a feature of Taoism .
So , too , was the insistence on the relativity of the external world , and the ideas that language and things perceived by consciousness were poor substitutes indeed for immediate perception by pure , indwelling spirit : the opposition of pure consciousness to ratiocinating consciousness .
Zen maintains that cognitive things are only the surface of experience .
One of its features attractive to the West is its irreverence for tradition and dogma and for sacred texts .
One patriarch is supposed to have relegated sacred scriptures for use in an outhouse .
But this is not the spirit of self-reliant freedom of action for which the Westerner mistakes it .
It is simply that in Taoist tradition -- as in all good mysticisms -- books , words , or any other manifestations that belong to the normal state of consciousness are considered only the surface of experience .
The truth -- the Eternal Truth -- is not transmittable by words .
Reality is considered not only irrelevant to the acquisition of higher knowledge , but a positive handicap .
The technique of reality confusion -- the use of paradox and riddles to shake the mind's grip on reality -- originated with fourth and third century B.C. Chinese Quietism : the koan is not basically a new device .
It is important for an understanding of Zen to realize that the esoteric preoccupations of the select few cannot be the doctrine of the common man .
In the supernatural atmosphere of cosmic government , only the ruling elite was ever concerned with a kingdom-wide ordering of nature : popular religion aimed at more personal benefits from magical powers .
And this is only natural -- witness the haste with which modern man gobbles the latest `` wonder drug '' .
Early Chinese anchoritism was theoretically aimed at a mystic pantheist union with the divine , personal salvation being achieved when the mystical recluse united with divine essence .
But this esoteric doctrine was lost in the shuffle to acquire special powers .
The anchorite strove , in fact , to magically influence the world of spirits in the same way that the divine emperor manifested his power .
Thus , the Mahayana metaphysic of mystical union for salvation was distilled down to a bare self-seeking , and for this reason , the mystic in Asia did not long remain in isolated contemplation .
As the Zen literature reveals , as soon as an early Zen master attained fame in seclusion , he was called out into the world to exercise his powers .
The early Anchorite masters attracted disciples because of their presumed ability to perform miracles .
Exponents of Zen often insist that very early Zen doctrine opposed the rampant supernaturalism of China , and proposed instead a more mature , less credulous view of the universe .
In support of this , stories from the early literature are cited to show that Zen attacks the idea of supernatural power .
But actually these accounts reveal the supernatural powers that the masters were in fact supposed to possess , as well as the extreme degree of popular credulity : `` Hwang Pah ( O Baku ) , one day going up Mount Tien Tai which was believed to have been inhabited by Arhats with supernatural powers , met with a monk whose eyes emitted strange light .
They went along the pass talking with each other for a short while until they came to a river roaring with torrent .
There being no bridge , the master had to stop at the shore ; ;
but his companion crossed the river walking on the water and beckoned to Hwang Pah to follow him .
Thereupon Hwang Pah said : `` If I knew thou art an Arhat , I would have doubled you up before thou got over there '' ! !
The monk then understood the spiritual attainment of Hwang Pah , and praised him as a true Mahayanist .
( 1 ) ''
A second tale shows still more clearly the kind of powers a truly spiritual monk could possess : `` On one occasion Yang Shan ( Kyo-zan ) saw a stranger monk flying through the air .
When that monk came down and approached him with a respectful salutation , he asked : `` Where art thou from '' ? ?
`` Early this morning '' , replied the other , `` I set out from India '' .
`` Why '' , said the teacher , `` art thou so late '' ? ?
`` I stopped '' , responded the man , `` several times to look at beautiful sceneries '' .
`` Thou mayst have supernatural powers '' , exclaimed Yang Shan , `` yet thou must give back the Spirit of Buddha to me '' .
Then the monk praised Yang Shan saying : `` I have come over to China in order to worship Manjucri , and met unexpectedly with Minor Shakya '' , and after giving the master some palm leaves he brought from India , went back through the air .
( 2 ) ''
In the popular Chinese mind , Ch'an ( Zen ) was no exception to the ideas of coarse magic that dominated .
A closer look at modern Zen reveals many magical carryovers that are still part of popular Zen attitudes .
To the Zen monk the universe is still populated with `` spiritual beings '' who have to be appeased .
Part of the mealtime ritual in the Zendo consists in offerings of rice to the spiritual beings '' .
Modern Zen presentation to the West insists on the anti-authoritarian , highly pragmatic nature of the Zen belief -- scriptures are burned to make fire , action is based on direct self-confidence , and so on .
This picture of extreme self-reliant individuation is difficult to reconcile with such Zendo formulas as : `` O you , demons and other spiritual beings , I now offer this to you , and may this food fill up the ten quarters of the world and all the demons and other spiritual beings be fed therewith .
( 3 )
Pope Leo 13 , on the 13th day of December 1898 , granted the following indulgences : `` An indulgence of three hundred days is granted to all the Faithful who read the Holy Gospels at least a quarter of an hour .
A Plenary Indulgence under the usual conditions is granted once a month for the daily reading '' .
Pope Pius the Sixth , at Rome , in April , 1778 , wrote the following : `` The faithful should be excited to the reading of the Holy Scriptures : For these are the most abundant sources which ought to be left open to everyone , to draw from them purity of morals and of doctrine , to eradicate errors which are so widely disseminated in these corrupt times '' .
The American Bishops assembled at the Third Plenary Council of Baltimore urged the Catholic people to read the Holy Bible .
`` We hope '' , they said , `` that no family can be found amongst us without a correct version of the Holy Scriptures '' .
They recommended , also , that `` at a fixed hour , let the entire family be assembled for night prayers , followed by a short reading of the Holy Scriptures '' .
Since the Catholic Church expresses such desire that the Sacred Scriptures be read , the following taken from the Holy Bible ( New Catholic Edition ) will prove a means of grace and a source of great spiritual blessing .
The need of the new birth
Do not wonder that I said to thee , `` You must be born again '' .
St. John 3 : 7 .
The new birth is necessary because god is holy .
But as the One who called you is holy , be you also holy in all your behavior ; ;
for it is written , You shall be holy , because I am holy .
1 , St. Peter 15 , 16 .
Holiness without which no man will see God .
Hebrews 14 .
The new birth is necessary because all have sinned .
As it is written , There is not one just man ; ;
there is none who understands ; ;
there is none who seeks after God .
All have gone astray together ; ;
All have sinned and have need of the glory of God .
Romans 3 : 10-12 , 23 .
The new birth is necessary because the natural man is spiritually dead and blind .
Therefore as through one man sin entered into the world and through sin death , and thus death has passed unto all men because all have sinned .
Romans 12 .
You also , when you were dead by reason of your offenses and sins .
Ephesians 2 : 1 .
And if our gospel also is veiled , it is veiled only to those who are perishing .
In their case , the god of this world ( Satan ) has blinded their unbelieving minds , that they should not see the light of the gospel of the glory of Christ , who is the image of God .
2 , Corinthians 4 : 3 , 4 .
For his workmanship we are , created in Christ Jesus .
Ephesians 10 .
The new birth is effected through the word of God
.
For you have been reborn , not from corruptible seed but from incorruptible , through the word of God .
1 St. Peter 23 .
Of his own will he has begotten us by the word of truth .
St. James 18 .
Amen , amen , I say to thee , unless a man be born again of water ( symbol of the Word of God , see Ephesians 26 ) and the Spirit , he cannot enter into the kingdom of God .
That which is born of the flesh is flesh ; ;
and that which is born of the Spirit is spirit .
St. John 3 : 5 , 6 .
Evidences of the new birth
if we are born of god we have faith in Christ as the only saviour .
Everyone who believes that Jesus is the Christ is born of God .
1 St. John 5 : 1 .
As many as received him were born of God .
St. John 12 , 13 .
If we are born of God we do not practice sin as a habit .
Whoever is born of God does not commit sin ( That is , he does not practice sin .
Cf. 1 St. John 2 : 1 ) .
1 St. John 3 : 9 .
We know that no one who is born of God commits sin .
1 St. John 18 .
( The new nature , received at the time of regeneration , is divine and holy , and as the believer lives under the power of this new nature he does not practice sin .
) if we are born of god we practice righteousness .
If you know that he ( God ) is just ( righteous ) , know that everyone also who does what is just ( righteous ) has been born of him .
1 St. John 29 .
If we are born of God we love God .
Everyone who loves is born of God , and knows God .
1 St. John 4 : 7 .
If we are born of God we love the brethren .
We know that we have passed from death to life , because we love the brethren .
He who does not love abides in death .
1 St. John 14 .
If we are born of God we overcome the world .
All that is born of God overcomes the world ; ;
and this is the victory that overcomes the world , our faith .
1 St. John 5 : 4 .
If we are born of God we grow in ( not into , but in ) grace .
But grow in grace and knowledge of our Lord and Savior , Jesus Christ .
2 St. Peter 18 .
If we are born of God we persevere unto the end .
I am convinced of this , that he who has begun a good work in you will bring it to perfection until the day of Christ Jesus .
Philippians 1 : 6 .
Now to him who is able to preserve you without sin and to set you before the presence of his glory , without blemish , in gladness , to the only God our Savior , through Jesus Christ our Lord , belong glory and majesty , dominion and authority , before all time , and now , and forever .
St. Jude 24 .
The new birth is necessary because the spiritual kingdom requires a spiritual nature .
Jesus answered and said to him ( Nicodemus ) `` Amen , amen , I say to thee , unless a man be born again , he cannot see the kingdom of God '' .
`` Amen , amen , I say to thee , unless a man be born again of water and the Spirit , he cannot enter into the kingdom of God .
That which is born of the flesh is flesh ; ;
and that which is born of the Spirit is spirit .
Do not wonder that I said to thee , ' You must be born again ' '' .
St. John 3 : 3 , 5-7 .
The nature of the new birth
the new birth is a new creation .
For in Christ Jesus neither circumcision nor uncircumcision but a new creation is of any account .
Galatians 15 .
If then any man is in Christ , he is a new creature ( literally , `` He is a new creation ) , the former things have passed away ; ;
behold , they are made new ! !
2 Corinthians 17 .
For by grace you have been saved through faith ; ;
and that not from yourselves , for it is the gift of God ; ;
not as the outcome of works , lest anyone may boast .
For his workmanship we are , created in Christ Jesus .
Ephesians 2 : 8-10 .
The new birth is the implantation of a new life .
I came that they may have life .
St. John 10 .
He who has the Son has the life .
He who has not the Son has not the life .
1 St. John 12 .
He who believes in the Son ( Jesus Christ , the Son of God ) , has everlasting life .
St. John 36 .
The new birth is the impartation of the divine nature .
Through which he has granted us the very great and precious promises , so that through them you may become partaker of the divine nature .
2 St. Peter 1 : 4 .
The new birth is Christ living in you by faith .
Christ in you , your hope of glory .
Colossians 27 .
It is now no longer I that live , but Christ lives in me .
And the life that I now live in the flesh , I live in the faith of the Son of God , who loved me and gave himself up for me .
Galatians 20 .
To have Christ dwelling through faith in your hearts .
Ephesians 17 .
The new birth is miraculous and mysterious .
The wind blows where it will , and thou hearest its sound but dost not know where it comes from or where it goes .
So is everyone who is born of the Spirit .
St. John 3 : 8 .
The new birth is immediate and instantaneous .
Amen , amen , I say to you , he who hears my word , and believes him who sent me , has life everlasting , and does not come to judgment , but has passed from death to life .
St. John 24 .
The means of the new birth
the new birth is a work of god .
But to as many as received him he gave the power of becoming sons of God ; ;
to those who believe in his name : Who were born not of blood , nor of the will of the flesh , nor of the will of man , but of God .
St. John 12 , 13 .
A final word
You may be very religious , a good church member , an upright , honest and sincere person ; ;
you may be baptized , confirmed , reverent and worshipful ; ;
you may attend mass , do penance , say prayers and zealously keep all the sacraments and ceremonies of the church ; ;
you may have the final and extreme unction but if you are not born again you are lost and headed for hell and eternal punishment .
You cannot be saved ; ;
you cannot go to heaven unless you are born again .
Our blessed Lord Jesus Christ , the sinless Son of God , who could not lie , said , `` Amen , amen , I say to thee , unless a man be born again , he cannot see the kingdom of God '' ( St. John 3 : 3 ) .
`` You must be born again '' ( St. John 3 : 7 ) .
Being convinced that salvation is alone by accepting Christ as Saviour , and being convicted by the Holy Spirit of my lost condition , I do repent of all effort to be saved by any form of good works , and just now receive Jesus as my personal Saviour and salvation as a free gift from Him .
You may do as you please with God now .
It is permitted .
God placed Himself in men's hands when He sent Jesus Christ into the world as perfect God and perfect Man in one Being .
He was then in man's hands .
They cursed Him .
It was permitted .
Men spit on Him .
God allowed it .
They called Him a devil .
God withheld His wrath .
Finally men arrested Him , gave Him a mock trial , flogged Him , nailed Him on a cross and hung Him between earth and heaven ; ;
and God allowed it .
You can do likewise though Christ is not bodily present .
You can ignore Him .
You can ignore His Book , the Bible , and His church .
You can laugh at His blood-bought salvation , curse His followers , and laugh at hell .
It is permitted .
The eternal Christ may knock at your soul's door , calling you to give up sin and prepare for heaven .
You may refuse Him , spit on Him , call Him a devil , curse Him .
It is permitted .
You may take His name upon your lips in oaths and curses if you so choose .
He is in your hands -- now .
On the other hand , you may seek His favor , humble yourself before Him and beg His mercy , implore His forgiveness , forsake your sins , and abandon your whole life to Him .
He has said , `` Behold , I stand at the door , and knock : if any man hear my voice , and open the door , I will come in to him , and will sup with him , and he with me '' ( Revelation 3:20 : :
20 ) .
The choice is up to you .
The latch is on your side of the door .
The choice is yours : the revellings and banquetings of this world or quiet communion with God ; ;
the ever burning lusts of the flesh or the powerful victory of Holy Spirit discipline .
The choice is yours : God is in your hands , now .
God has already set the day when you will be in His hands .
What He does with you then depends on what you do with Him now .
Then it will be a `` fearful thing to fall into the hands of the living God '' if you have abused Him in your hands .
I am a magazine ; ;
my name is Guideposts ; ;
this issue that you are reading marks my 15th anniversary .
When I came into being , 15 years ago , I had one primary purpose : to help men and women everywhere to know God better , and through knowing Him better to become happier and more effective people .
That purpose has never changed .
When you read me , you are holding in your hands the product of many minds and hearts .
Some of the people who speak through my pages are famous ; ;
others unknown .
Some work with their hands .
Some have walked through pain and sorrow to bring you their message of hope .
Some are so filled with gratitude , for the gift of life and the love of God , that their joy spills out on the paper and brightens the lives of thousands whom they have never known , and will never see .
Fifteen years ago , there were no Guideposts at all .
This month a million Guideposts will circulate all over the world .
Experts in the publishing field consider this astounding .
They do not understand how a small magazine with no advertising and no newsstand sale could have achieved such a following .
To me , the explanation is very simple .
I am not doing anything , of myself .
I am merely a channel for something .
What is this something ? ?
I cannot define it fully .
It is the force in the universe that makes men love goodness , even when they turn away from it .
It is the power that holds the stars in their orbits , but allows the wind to bend a blade of grass .
It is the whisper in the heart that urges each one to be better than he is .
It is mankind's wistful yearning for a world of justice and peace .
All things are possible to God , but He chooses -- usually -- to work through people .
Sometimes such people sense that they are being used ; ;
sometimes not .
Fifteen years ago , troubled by the rising tide of materialism in the post-war world , a businessman and a minister asked themselves if there might not be a place for a small magazine in which men and women , regardless of creed or color , could set forth boldly their religious convictions and bear witness to the power of faith to solve the endless problems of living .
The businessman was Raymond Thornburg .
The minister was Norman Vincent Peale .
Neither had any publishing experience , but they had faith in their idea .
They borrowed a typewriter , raised about $2,000 in contributions , hired a secretary , persuaded a couple of young men to join them for almost no pay and began mailing out a collection of unstapled leaflets that they called Guideposts .
Compared to the big , established magazines , my first efforts seemed feeble indeed .
But from the start they had two important ingredients : sincerity and realism .
The people who told the stories were sincere .
And the stories they told were true .
For example , early in my life , when one of my editorial workers wanted to find out how churches and philanthropic organizations met the needs of New York's down-and-outers , he didn't just ask questions .
Len LeSourd went and lived in the slums as a sidewalk derelict for ten days .
That was nearly 13 years ago .
Len LeSourd is my executive editor today .
Many of you are familiar , I'm sure , with the story of my early struggles : the fire in January , 1947 , that destroyed everything -- even our precious list of subscribers .
The help and sympathy that were forthcoming from everywhere .
The crisis later on when debts seemed about to overwhelm me .
That was when a remarkable woman , Teresa Durlach , came to my aid -- not so much with money , as with wisdom and courage .
You're not living up to your own principles '' , she told my discouraged people .
You're so preoccupied that you've let your faith grow dim .
What do you want -- a hundred thousand subscribers ? ?
Visualize them , then , believe you are getting them , and you will have them '' ! !
And the 100,000 subscribers became a reality .
And then 500,000 .
And now a million January Guideposts are in circulation .
The Office of Business Economics ( OBE ) of the U.S. Department of Commerce provides basic measures of the national economy and current analysis of short-run changes in the economic situation and business outlook .
It develops and analyzes the national income , balance of international payments , and many other business indicators .
Such measures are essential to its job of presenting business and Government with the facts required to meet the objective of expanding business and improving the operation of the economy .
Contact
For further information contact Director , Office of Business Economics , U.S. Department of Commerce , Washington 25 , D.C. .
Printed material
Economic information is made available to businessmen and economists promptly through the monthly Survey Of Current Business and its weekly supplement .
This periodical , including weekly statistical supplements , is available for $4 per year from Commerce Field Offices or Superintendent of Documents , U.S. Government Printing Office , Washington 25 , D.C. .
Technical assistance to small business community
The Small Business Administration ( SBA ) provides guidance and advice on sources of technical information relating to small business management and research and development of products .
Small business management
Practical management problems and their suggested solutions are dealt with in a series of SBA publications .
These publications , written especially for the managers or owners of small businesses , indirectly aid in community development programs .
They are written by specialists in numerous types of business enterprises , cover a wide range of subjects , and are directed to the needs and interests of the small firm .
SBA offers Administrative Management Courses , which are designed to improve the management efficiency and `` know-how '' of small business concerns within a community .
SBA cosponsors these courses with educational institutions and community groups .
Through the SBA's Management Counseling Program , practical , personalized advice on sound management principles is available upon request to both prospective and established businessmen in a community .
One-day conferences covering some specific phase of business management , also part of the continuing activities of the Small Business Administration , aid community economic development programs .
These short , `` streamlined '' meetings usually are sponsored by local banks , Chambers of Commerce , trade associations , or other civic organizations .
Product research and development
Production specialists in SBA regional offices are available to help individual small business concerns with technical production problems .
Guidance and advice are available on new product research and development ; ;
new product potential ; ;
processing methods ; ;
product and market developments ; ;
new industrial uses for raw , semi-processed and waste , materials ; ;
and industrial uses for agricultural products .
SBA serves also as a clearing house for information on products and processes particularly adaptable for exploitation by small firms .
This may be helpful in improving the competitive position of established firms through diversification and expansion or through more economical utilization of plant capacity .
Production assistance
Production specialists are available in SBA regional offices to help individual small business concerns with technical production problems .
These problems frequently arise where a firm is making items for the Government not directly along the lines of its normal civilian business or where the Government specifications require operations that the firm did not understand when it undertook the contract .
Production assistance often takes the form of locating tools or materials which are urgently needed .
Advice is given also on problems of plant location and plant space .
Property sales assistance
The property sales assistance program is designed to assist small business concerns that may wish to buy property offered for sale by the Federal Government .
Under this program , property sales specialists in the Small Business Administration regional offices help small business concerns to locate Federal property for sale and insure that small firms have the opportunity to bid competitively for surplus personal and real property and certain natural resources , including timber from the national forests .
SBA works closely with the principal property disposal installations of the Federal Government in reviewing proposed sales programs and identifying those types of property that small business concerns are most likely to be interested in purchasing .
Proposed property sales of general interest to small business concerns are publicized through SBA regional news releases , and by `` flyers '' directed to the small business concerns .
Each SBA regional office also maintains a `` want '' list of surplus property , principally machinery and equipment , desired by small business concerns in its area .
When suitable equipment is located by the SBA representative , the small business concern is contacted and advised on when , where , and how to bid on such property .
Facilities inventory
Section 8-b-2 of the Small Business Act , as amended , authorizes the SBA to make a complete inventory of the productive facilities of small business concerns .
The Administration maintains a productive facilities inventory of small business industrial concerns that have voluntarily registered .
It is kept in each Regional office for the small firms within the region .
Purpose of this inventory is to include all eligible productive facilities in SBA's facilities register so that the small business concerns may have an opportunity to avail themselves of the services authorized by the Congress in establishing the Small Business Administration .
These services include procurement and technical assistance and notice of surplus sales and invitations to bid on Government contracts for products and services within the registrants' field of operations .
SBA can make complete facilities inventories of all small business concerns in labor surplus areas within budgetary and staff limitations .
Contact
For further information , contact Small Business Administration Regional Offices in Atlanta , Ga. ; ;
Boston , Mass. ; ;
Chicago , Ill. ; ;
Cleveland , Ohio ; ;
Dallas , Tex. ; ;
Denver , Colo. ; ;
Detroit , Mich. ; ;
Kansas City , Mo. ; ;
Los Angeles , Calif. ; ;
Minneapolis , Minn. ; ;
New York , N.Y. ; ;
Philadelphia , Pa. ; ;
Richmond , Va. ; ;
San Francisco , Calif. ; ;
and Seattle , Wash. .
Branch Offices are located in other large cities .
Printed material
Small Business Administration , What It Is , What It Does , SBA Services For Community Economic Development , and various other useful publications on currently important management , technical production , and marketing topics are available , on request , from Small Business Administration , Washington 25 , D.C. .
New Product Introduction For Small Business Owners , 30 cents ; ;
Developing And Selling New Products , 45 cents ; ;
U.S. Government Purchasing , Specifications , And Sales Directory , 60 cents , are available from the Superintendent of Documents , U.S. Government Printing Office , Washington 25 , D.C. .
Loans
to small business
SBA makes loans to individual small business firms , providing them with financing when it is not otherwise available through private lending sources on reasonable terms .
Many such loans have been made to establish small concerns or to aid in their growth , thereby contributing substantially to community development programs .
Loan policies
SBA loans , which may be made to small manufacturers , small business pools , wholesalers , retailers , service establishments and other small businesses ( when financing is not otherwise available to them on reasonable terms ) , are to finance business construction , conversion , or expansion ; ;
the purchase of equipment , facilities , machinery , supplies , or materials ; ;
or to supply working capital .
Evidence that other sources of financing are unavailable must be provided .
Types of loans
SBA business loans are of two types : `` participation '' and `` direct '' .
Participation loans are those made jointly by the SBA and banks or other private lending institutions .
Direct loans are those made by SBA alone .
To qualify for either type of loan , an applicant must be a small business or approved small business `` pool '' and must meet certain credit requirements .
A small business is defined as one which is independently owned and operated and which is not dominant in its field .
In addition , the SBA uses such criteria as number of employees and dollar volume of the business .
Credit requirements
The credit requirements stipulate that the applicant must have the ability to operate the business successfully and have enough capital in the business so that , with loan assistance from the SBA , it will be able to operate on a sound financial basis .
A proposed loan must be for sound purposes or sufficiently secured so as to assure a reasonable chance of repayment .
The record of past earnings and prospects for the future must indicate it has the ability to repay the loan out of current and anticipated income .
Loan amount
The amount which may be borrowed from the SBA depends on how much is required to carry out the intended purpose of the loan .
The maximum loan which SBA may make to any one borrower is $350,000 .
Business loans generally are repayable in regular installments -- usually monthly , including interest at the rate of 5-1/2 percent per annum on the unpaid balance -- and have a maximum maturity of 10 years ; ;
the term of loans for working capital is 6 years .
Contact
For further information , contact SBA Regional Offices in Atlanta , Ga. ; ;
Boston , Mass. ; ;
Chicago , Ill. ; ;
Cleveland , Ohio ; ;
Dallas , Tex. ; ;
Denver , Colo. ; ;
Detroit , Mich. ; ;
Kansas City , Mo. ; ;
Los Angeles , Calif. ; ;
Minneapolis , Minn. ; ;
New York , N.Y. ; ;
Philadelphia , Pa. ; ;
Richmond , Va. ; ;
San Francisco , Calif. ; ;
and Seattle , Wash. .
Branch Offices are located in other large cities .
Printed material
Small Business Administration , What It Is , What It Does ; ;
SBA Business Loans ; ;
and Small Business Pooling are available , on request , from Small Business Administration , Washington 25 , D.C. , and its regional offices .
To cooperatives
The Farm Credit Administration , an independent agency located within the Department of Agriculture , supervises and coordinates a cooperative credit system for agriculture .
The system is composed of three credit services , Federal Land Banks and National Farm Loan Associations , Federal Intermediate ( short-term ) Credit Banks , and Banks for Cooperatives .
This system provides long- and short-term credit to farmers and their cooperative marketing , purchasing , and business service organizations .
As a source of investment capital , the system is beneficial to local communities and encourages the development of industries in rural areas .
The credit provdied by the first two services in the system outlined above is primarily for general agricultural purposes .
The third credit service , Banks for Cooperatives , exists under authority of the Farm Credit Act of 1933 .
The Banks for Cooperatives were established to provide a permanent source of credit on a sound basis for farmers' cooperatives .
Types of loans
Three distinct classes of loans are made available to farmers' cooperatives by the Banks for Cooperatives : Commodity loans , operating capital loans , and facility loans .
Eligibility
To be eligible to borrow from a Bank for Cooperatives , a cooperative must be an association in which farmers act together in processing and marketing farm products , purchasing farm supplies , or furnishing farm business services , and must meet the requirements set forth in the Farm Credit Act of 1933 , as amended .
Interest rates
Interest rates are determined by the board of directors of the bank with the approval of the Farm Credit Administration .
Contact
For further information , contact the Bank for Cooperatives serving the region , or the Farm Credit Administration , Research and Information Division , Washington 25 , D.C. .
Printed material
Available , on request , from U.S. Department of Agriculture , Washington 25 , D.C. , are : Cooperative Farm Credit Can Assist In Rural Development ( Circular No. 44 ) , and The Cooperative Farm Credit System ( Circular No. 36-A ) .
Minerals exploration
To encourage exploration for domestic sources of minerals , the Office of Minerals Exploration ( OME ) of the U.S. Department of the Interior offers financial assistance to firms and individuals who desire to explore their properties or claims for 1 or more of the 32 mineral commodities listed in the OME regulations .
Requirements
This help is offered to applicants who ordinarily would not undertake the exploration under present conditions or circumstances at their sole expense and who are unable to obtain funds from commercial sources on reasonable terms .
Each applicant is required to own or have sufficient interest in the property to be explored .
The Government will contract with an eligible applicant to pay up to one-half of the cost of approved exploration work as it progresses .
The applicant pays the rest of the cost , but his own time spent on the work and charges for the use of equipment which he owns may be applied toward his share of the cost .
Repayment
Funds contributed by the Government are repaid by a royalty on production from the property .
If nothing is produced , there is no obligation to repay .
A 5-percent royalty is paid on any production during the period the contract is in effect ; ;
if the Government certifies that production may be possible from the property , the royalty obligation continues for the 10-year period usually specified in the contract or until the Government's contribution is repaid with interest .
The royalty applies to both principal and interest , but it never exceeds 5 percent .
Contact
Information , application forms , and assistance in filing may be obtained from the Office of Minerals Exploration , U.S. Department of the Interior , Washington 25 , D.C. , or from the appropriate regional office listed below .
In most of the less developed countries , however , such programing is at best inadequate and at worst nonexistent .
Only a very few of the more advanced ones , such as India and Pakistan , have developed systematic techniques of programing .
Others have so-called development plans , but some of these are little more than lists of projects collected from various ministries while others are statements of goals without analysis of the actions required to attain them .
Only rarely is attention given to accurate progress reports and evaluation .
We can help in the planning process
.
Neither growth nor a development program can be imposed on a country ; ;
it must express the nation's own will and goal .
Nevertheless , we can administer an aid program in such a manner as to promote the development of responsible programing .
First , we can encourage responsibility by establishing as conditions for assistance on a substantial and sustained scale the definition of objectives and the assessment of costs .
Second , we can make assistance for particular projects conditional on the consistency of such projects with the program .
Third , we can offer technical help in the formulation of programs for development which are adapted to the country's objectives and resources .
This includes assistance in -- assembling the basic economic , financial , technological , and educational information on which programing depends ; ;
surveying the needs and requirements over time of broad sectors of the economy , such as transport , agriculture , communication , industry , and power ; ;
designing the financial mechanisms of the economy in ways that will promote growth without inflation ; ;
and administrative practices which will make possible the more effective review and implementation of programs once established .
We must use common sense in applying conditions
.
The application of conditions in the allocation of aid funds cannot , of course , be mechanical .
It must be recognized that countries at different stages of development have very different capabilities of meeting such conditions .
To insist on a level of performance in programing and budgeting completely beyond the capabilities of the recipient country would result in the frustration of the basic objective of our development assistance to encourage more rapid growth .
In the more primitive areas , where the capacity to absorb and utilize external assistance is limited , some activities may be of such obvious priority that we may decide to support them before a well worked out program is available .
Thus , we might provide limited assistance in such fields as education , essential transport , communications , and agricultural improvement despite the absence of acceptable country programs .
In such a case , however , we would encourage the recipient country to get on with its programing task , supply it with substantial technical assistance in performing that task , and make it plain that an expansion or even a continuation of our assistance to the country's development was conditional upon programing progress being made .
At the other end of the spectrum , where the more advanced countries can be relied upon to make well thought through decisions as to project priorities within a consistent program , we should be prepared to depart substantially from detailed project approval as the basis for granting assistance and to move toward long-term support , in cooperation with other developed countries , of the essential foreign exchange requirements of the country's development program .
D .
Encouraging self-help
1 .
The reasons for stressing self-help
A systematic approach to development budgeting and programing is one important kind of self-help .
There are many others .
It is vitally important that the new U.S. aid program should encourage all of them , since the main thrust for development must come from the less developed countries themselves .
External aid can only be marginal , although the margin , as in the case of the Marshall plan , can be decisive .
External aid can be effective only if it is a complement to self-help .
U.S. aid , therefore , should increasingly be designed to provide incentives for countries to take the steps that only they themselves can take .
Aid advice is not interference
In establishing conditions of self-help , it is important that we not expect countries to remake themselves in our image .
Open societies can take many forms , and within very broad limits recipients must be free to set their own goals and to devise their own institutions to achieve those goals .
On the other hand , it is no interference with sovereignty to point out defects where they exist , such as that a plan calls for factories without power to run them , or for institutions without trained personnel to staff them .
Once we have made clear that we are genuinely concerned with a country's development potential , we can be blunt in suggesting the technical conditions that must be met for development to occur .
This includes not only development programing , but also establishing tax policies designed to raise equitably resources for investment ; ;
fiscal and monetary policies designed to prevent serious inflation ; ;
and regulatory policies aimed to attract the financial and managerial resources of foreign investment and to prevent excessive luxury consumption by a few .
the reduction of dependence on external sources .
This includes foreseeing balance-of-payments crises , with adequate attention to reducing dependence on imports and adopting realistic exchange rates to encourage infant industries and spur exports .
It also includes providing for the training of nationals to operate projects after they are completed .
tapping the energies of the entire population .
For both economic and political reasons all segments of the population must be able to share in the growth of a country .
Otherwise , development will not lead to longrun stability .
honesty in government .
In many societies , what we regard as corruption , favoritism , and personal influence are so accepted as consistent with the mores of officialdom and so integral a part of routine administrative practice that any attempt to force their elimination will be regarded by the local leadership as not only unwarranted but unfriendly .
Yet an economy cannot get the most out of its resources if dishonesty , corruption , and favoritism are widespread .
Moreover , tolerance by us of such practices results in serious waste and diversion of aid resources and in the long run generates anti-American sentiment of a kind peculiarly damaging to our political interest .
Some of the most dramatic successes of Communism in winning local support can be traced to the identification -- correct or not -- of Communist regimes with personal honesty and pro-Western regimes with corruption .
A requirement of reasonably honest administration may be politically uncomfortable in the short run , but it is politically essential in the long run .
U.S. position on self-help
The United States can use its aid as an incentive to self-help by responding with aid on a sustained basis , tailored to priority needs , to those countries making serious efforts in self-help .
In many instances it can withhold or limit its aid to countries not yet willing to make such efforts .
There are other countries where , with skillful diplomacy , we may be able by our aid to give encouragement to those groups in government which would like to press forward with economic and social reform measures to promote growth .
Governments are rarely monolithic .
But there will be still other countries where , despite the inadequacy of the level of self-help , we shall deem it wise , for political or military reasons , to give substantial economic assistance .
Even in these cases we should promote self-help by making it clear that our supporting assistance is subject to reduction and ultimately to termination .
Encouraging a long-term approach
Development requires a long-term approach
The most fundamental concept of the new approach to economic aid is the focusing of our attention , our resources , and our energies on the effort to promote the economic and social development of the less developed countries .
This is not a short-run goal .
To have any success in this effort , we must ourselves view it as an enterprise stretching over a considerable number of years , and we must encourage the recipients of our aid to view it in the same fashion .
Most of our aid will go to those nearing self-sufficiency
How long it will take to show substantial success in this effort will vary greatly from country to country .
In several significant cases , such as India , a decade of concentrated effort can launch these countries into a stage in which they can carry forward their own economic and social progress with little or no government-to-government assistance .
These cases in which light is already visible at the other end of the tunnel are ones which over the next few years will absorb the bulk of our capital assistance .
Gradually others will move up to the same level.
The number of countries thus favorably situated is small , but their peoples constitute over half of the population of the underdeveloped world .
Meantime , over the decade of the sixties , we can hope that many other countries will ready themselves for the big push into self-sustaining growth .
In still others which are barely on the threshold of the transition into modernity , the decade can bring significant progress in launching the slow process of developing their human resources and their basic services to the point where an expanded range of developmental activities is possible .
Aid is a long-term process.
The whole program must be conceived of as an effort , stretching over a considerable number of years , to alter the basic social and economic conditions in the less developed world .
It must be recognized as a slow-acting tool designed to prevent political and military crises such as those recently confronted in Laos and Cuba .
It is not a tool for dealing with these crises after they have erupted .
The specific reasons for a long-term approach.
Many of the individual projects for which development assistance is required call for expenditures over lengthy periods .
Dams , river development schemes , transportation networks , educational systems require years to construct .
Moreover , on complex projects , design work must be completed and orders for machinery and equipment placed months or even years before construction can commence .
Thus , as a development program is being launched , commitments and obligations must be entered into in a given year which may exceed by twofold or threefold the expenditures to be made in that year .
The capital expansion programs of business firms involve multi-year budgeting and the same is true of country development programs .
More importantly , several of the more advanced of the less developed countries have found through experience that they must plan their own complex investment programs for at least 5 years forward and tentatively for considerably more than that if they are to be sure that the various interdependent activities involved are all to take place in the proper sequence .
Without such forward planning , investment funds are wasted because manufacturing facilities are completed before there is power to operate them or before there is transport to service them ; ;
or a skilled labor force is trained before there are plants available in which they can be employed .
( C ) the need to allocate country resources .
Most important of all , the less developed countries must be persuaded to take the necessary steps to allocate and commit their own resources .
They must be induced to establish the necessary tax , fiscal , monetary , and regulatory policies .
They must be persuaded to adopt the other necessary self-help measures which are described in the preceding section .
The taking of these steps involves tough internal policy decisions .
Moreover , once these steps are taken , they may require years to make themselves felt .
They must , therefore , be related to long-range development plans .
Providing an incentive
If the less developed countries are to be persuaded to adopt a long-term approach , the United States , as the principal supplier of external aid , must be prepared to give long-term commitments .
In this , as in so many aspects of our development assistance activities , the incentive effects of the posture we take are the most important ones .
The extent to which we can persuade the less developed countries to appraise their own resources , to set targets toward which they should be working , to establish in the light of this forward perspective the most urgent priorities for their immediate attention , and to do the other things which they must do to help themselves , all on a realistic long-term basis , will depend importantly on the incentives we place before them .
If they feel that we are taking a long-term view of their problems and are prepared to enter into reasonably long-term association with them in their development activities , they will be much more likely to undertake the difficult tasks required .
Perhaps the most important incentive for them will be clear evidence that where other countries have done this kind of home work we have responded with long-term commitments .
You have heard him tell these young people that during his almost 50 years of service in the Congress he has seen the Kaisers and the Hitlers and the Mussolinis , the Tojos and Stalins and Khrushchevs , come and go and that we are passing on to them the freest Nation that mankind has ever known .
Then I have seen the pride of country well in the eyes of these young people .
So , I say , Mr. Speaker , God bless you and keep you for many years not only for this body but for the United States of America and the free world .
You remember the words of President Kennedy a week or so ago , when someone asked him when he was in Canada , and Dean Rusk was in Europe , and Vice President Johnson was in Asia , `` Who is running the store '' ? ?
And he said , `` The same fellow who has been running it , Sam Rayburn '' .
and also that they may have 5 legislative days in which to extend their remarks .
The speaker pro tempore .
Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Massachusetts ? ?
There was no objection .
Remarks of Hon. Joseph P. Addabbo of New York
It is notably significant that so many Members from both sides of the aisle express their respect and admiration for our beloved Speaker , the Honorable Sam Rayburn .
I purposely refrained from adding the usual distinction of saying that he was from the State of Texas .
I did so because I agree with so many here today , that he is the beloved Speaker of all the people of the United States .
For the dignity , the influence , and the power of the legislative branch of our Government -- it is a privilege for us to do honor to this great man who represents not alone his own district but all the people of our country .
To honor him is to honor ourselves .
In this my first year as a Member of this body I have experienced many memorable moments .
Many of these experiences are so important that they will be cherished forever by me .
And , like many of you here present , I hold as the highlight of all , the occasion of my first meeting with the honorable Speaker of the House .
At that time , he afforded me the courtesy of his busy workday for such length as I may need , to speak about my background , my hopes , my views on various national and local topics , and any problems that I may have been vexed with at the time .
He was fatherly in his handling of all subjects with me and tremendously wise in his counsel .
In conclusion , he wished me well -- and as kindly and humbly as this humane gentleman could express himself , he asked to be remembered to my wife and children .
In my short period here I believe that at no time has he been otherwise than the most popular man on both sides of the aisle .
He is most effective in the ordinary business of the House , and in the legislative accomplishments of this session , he easily rose to great occasion -- even at the height of unpleasantness and exciting legislative struggle -- and as the Nation witnessed these contests , he rose , even as admitted by those who differed with him , to the proportions of a hero and a noble partisan .
I am highly privileged today to commemorate the brilliant career of this parliamentary giant .
He will ever be my example as a true statesman ; ;
one who is thoroughly human , who affects no dignity , and who is endowed with real ability , genuine worth , and sterling honesty -- all dedicated to secure the best interests of the country he has loved and served so long .
May the Divine Speaker in Heaven bless this country with Sam Rayburn's continued service here for years to come .
Remarks of Hon. Wayne L. Hays of Ohio
Mr. Hays .
It is a matter of deep personal satisfaction for me to add my voice to the great and distinguished chorus of my colleagues in this paean of praise , respect , and affection for Speaker Sam Rayburn .
In this hour of crisis , the wisdom , the dedication , the stabilizing force that he represents in current American government is an almost indispensable source of strength .
He has become in this half century the grand old man of American history .
It seems to me that the prayers of the whole free world must rise like some vast petition to Providence that Sam Rayburn's vigor and his life remain undiminished through the coming decades .
Here briefly in this humble tribute I have sought for some simple and succinct summation that would define the immense service of this patriot to his country .
But the task is beyond me because I hold it impossible to compress in a sentence or two the complicated and prodigious contributions Sam Rayburn has made as an individual , as a legislator , as a statesman and as a leader and conciliator , to the majestic progress of this Nation .
It happens that I am a legislator from Ohio and that I feel deeply about the needs , the aspirations , the interests of my district and my State .
What Sam Rayburn's life proves to us all is the magnificent lesson in political science that one can devotedly and with absolute dedication represent the seemingly provincial interests of one's own community , one's own district , one's own State , and by that help himself represent even better the sweep and scope of the problems of this the greatest nation of all time .
For Sam Rayburn never forgot Bonham , his home community , and he never forgot Texas .
In the same way I like to think we owe our loyalty as legislators to our community , our district , our State .
And , if we follow the Rayburn pattern , as consciously or by an instinctual political sense I like to think I have followed it , then the very nature of our loyalty to our own immediate areas must necessarily be reflected in the devotion of our services to our country .
For what Sam Rayburn's life in this House teaches us is that loyalty and character are not divisive and there is no such thing as being for your country and neglecting your district .
There is no such thing as being diligent about national affairs but indifferent about home needs .
The two are as one .
This may not be the greatest but it certainly comes close to being the greatest lesson Sam Rayburn's career , up to this hour , teaches all of us who would aspire to distinction in political life under our processes of government .
More than that , Sam Rayburn is the very living symbol of an iron-clad integrity so powerful in his nature and so constantly demonstrated that he can count some of his best friends in the opposition .
Through the most rancorous battles of political controversy and the most bitterly fought national and presidential campaigns his character shines as an example of dignity and honesty , forthrightness and nobility .
Sam Rayburn has never had to look back at any of his most devastating fights and ever feel ashamed of his conduct as a combatant under fire or his political manners in the heat of conflicting ambitions .
This means much to the American tradition .
It is an answer in its way , individual and highly dramatic , to the charge that the democratic process is necessarily vicious in its campaign characteristics .
And the name Rayburn is one of the most dominant in the history of American politics for the last half century .
It is , I insist , hard to define the Rayburn contribution to our political civilization because it is so massive and so widespread and so complicated , and because it goes so deep .
But this we know : Here is a great life that in every area of American politics gives the American people occasion for pride and that has invested the democratic process with the most decent qualities of honor , decency , and self-respect .
I pray to God that he may be spared to us for many years to come for this is an influence the United States and the whole world can ill afford to lose .
Remarks of Hon. Melvin Price of Illinois
All but two of my nine terms in the House of Representatives has been served under the Speakership of Sam Rayburn .
Of this I am proud .
I have a distinct admiration for this man we honor today because of the humility with which he carries his greatness .
And Sam Rayburn is a great man -- one who will go down in American history as a truly great leader of the Nation .
He will be considered not only great among his contemporaries , but as great among all the Americans who have played a part in the country's history since the beginning .
I pay my personal tribute to Sam Rayburn , stalwart Texan and great American , not only because today he establishes a record of having served as Speaker of the House of Representatives more than twice as long as Henry Clay , but because of the contributions he has made to the welfare of the people of the Nation during his almost half century of service as a Member of Congress .
Speaker Rayburn has not limited his leadership as a statesman to his direction of the House in the Speaker's chair .
He had an outstanding record as a legislator since the start of his career in the House in 1913 , the 63d Congress .
No one has sponsored more progressive and important legislation than has Sam Rayburn .
He is the recognized `` father '' of the Rural Electrification Administration and the Security and Exchange Commission .
But to run the gauntlet of the programs Sam Rayburn brought into being through his legislative efforts would fill the pages of today's Record .
No greater pleasure has come to me in my own service in this House than to be present today to participate in this tribute to this great Speaker , this great legislator , this great Texan , this great American .
My sincere wish is that he continues to add to this record he sets here today .
Remarks of Hon. John S. Monagan of Connecticut
Sam Rayburn is one of the greatest American public figures in the history of our country and I consider that I have been singly honored in the privilege of knowing Sam Rayburn and sharing with him the rights and obligations of a Member of the House of Representatives in the Congress of the United States .
Others may speak of Speaker Rayburn's uniquely long and devoted service ; ;
of his championship of many of the progressive social measures which adorn our statute books today , and of his cooperation in times of adversity with Presidents of both of our major parties in helping to pilot the Ship of State through the shoals of today's stormy international seas .
I prefer to speak , however , of Sam Rayburn , the person , rather than Sam Rayburn , the American institution .
Although Sam Rayburn affects a gruff exterior in many instances , nevertheless he is fundamentally a man of warm heart and gentle disposition .
No one could be more devoted than he to the American Congress as an institution and more aware of its historical significance in the political history of the world , and I shall never forget his moving talks , delivered in simple yet eloquent words , upon the meaning of our jobs as Representatives in the operation of representative government and their importance in the context of today's assault upon popular government .
Above all , he is a person to whom a fledgling Representative can go to discuss the personal and professional problems which inevitably confront a new Congressman .
In this role of father confessor , he has always been most characteristic and most helpful .
On September 16 , Sam Rayburn will have served as Speaker twice as long as any predecessor and I am proud to join with others in marking this date , and in expressing my esteem for that notable American , Sam Rayburn .
Origin of state automobile practices .
The practice of state-owned vehicles for use of employees on business dates back over forty years .
At least one state vehicle was in existence in 1917 .
The state presently owns 389 passenger vehicles in comparison to approximately 200 in 1940 .
The automobile maintenance unit , or motor pool , came into existence in 1942 and has been responsible for centralized maintenance and management of state-owned transportation since that time .
The motor pool has made exceptional progress in automotive management including establishment of cost billing systems , records keeping , analyses of vehicle use , and effecting economies in vehicle operation .
Cars were operated in 1959 for an average $.027 per mile .
Purchase of state vehicles is handled similarly to all state purchases .
Unit prices to the state are considerably lower than to the general public because of quantity purchases and no payment of state sales or federal excise taxes .
Vehicle purchase , assignment and use policies .
The legislature's role in policy determination concerning state-owned vehicles has been confined almost exclusively to appropriating funds for vehicles .
The meaningful policies governing the purchase , assignment , use and management of state vehicles have been shaped by the state's administrative officers .
The state has recently undertaken liability insurance for drivers of state cars .
Automobile practices in other states .
A survey of practices and/or policies in other states concerning assignment and use of state automobiles reveals several points for comparison with Rhode Island's practices .
Forty-seven states assign or provide vehicles for employees on state business .
Two other states provide vehicles , but only with legislative approval .
States which provide automobiles for employees assign them variously to the agency , the individual , or to a central pool .
Twenty-six states operate a central motor pool for acquisition , allocation and/or maintenance of state-owned vehicles .
Nineteen states report laws , policies or regulations for assigning state vehicles in lieu of paying mileage allowances .
Of these states the average `` change-over '' point ( at which a car is substituted for allowances ) is 13,200 miles per year .
Mileage allowances for state employees are of two types : ( A ) actual mileage and ( B ) fixed monthly allowances .
Actual mileage allowances are itemized reimbursements allowed employees for the use of personally-owned vehicles on state business at the rate of $.07 per mile .
Fixed monthly allowances are reimbursements for the same purpose except on a non-itemized basis .
Both allowances are governed by conditions and restrictions set forth in detail in the state's Travel Regulations .
Rhode Island's reimburseable rate of $.07 per mile for use of personally-owned cars compares favorably with other states' rates .
The average of states' rates is $.076 per mile .
Rhode Island's rate of $.07 per mile is considerably lower than reimburseable rates in the federal government and in industry nationally which approximate a $.09 per mile average .
Actual mileage allowances are well-administered and not unduly expensive for the state .
The travel regulations , requirements and procedures governing reimbursement are controlled properly and not overly restrictive .
Fixed monthly allowances are a controversial subject .
They have a great advantage in ease of audit time and payment .
However , they lend themselves to abuse and inadequate control measures .
Flat payments over $50 per month are more expensive to the state than the assignment of state-owned vehicles .
Travel allowances , including subsistence , have been revised by administrative officials recently and compare favorably with other states' allowances .
With few exceptions travelers on state business are allowed actual travel expenses and $15 per day subsistence .
Travel allowances are well-regulated and pose little problem in administration and/or audit control .
Origin of state automobile practices
general background .
It is difficult to pinpoint the time of origin of the state purchasing automobiles for use of employees in Rhode Island .
Few records are available concerning the subject prior to 1940 .
Those that are available shed little light .
The Registry of Motor Vehicles indicates that at least one state automobile was registered as far back as 1917 .
It should be enough to say that the practice of the state buying automobiles is at least forty years old .
The best reason that can be advanced for the state adopting the practice was the advent of expanded highway construction during the 1920s and '30s .
At that time highway engineers traveled rough and dirty roads to accomplish their duties .
Using privately-owned vehicles was a personal hardship for such employees , and the matter of providing state transportation was felt perfectly justifiable .
Once the principle was established , the increase in state-owned vehicles came rapidly .
And reasons other than employee need contributed to the growth .
Table 1 immediately below shows the rate of growth of vehicles and employees .
This rate of increase does not signify anything in itself .
It does not indicate loose management , ineffective controls or poor policy .
But it does show that automobiles have increased steadily over the years and in almost the same proportion to the increase of state employees .
In the past twenty years the ratio of state-owned automobiles per state employees has varied from 1 to 22 then to 1 to 23 now .
Whether there were too few automobiles in 1940 or too many now is problematical .
The fact is simply that state-owned vehicles have remained in practically the same proportion as employees to use them .
History and operation of the motor pool .
While the origin of state-owned automobiles may be obscured , subsequent developments concerning the assignment , use , and management of state automobiles can be related more clearly .
Prior to 1942 , automobiles were the individual responsibility of the agency to which assigned .
This responsibility included all phases of management .
It embraced determining when to purchase and when to trade vehicles , who was to drive , when and where repairs were to be made , where gasoline and automobile services were to be obtained and other allied matters .
In 1942 , however , the nation was at war .
Gasoline and automobile tires were rationed commodities .
The state was confronted with transportation problems similar to those of the individual .
It met these problems by the creation of the state automobile maintenance unit ( more popularly called the motor pool ) , a centralized operation for the maintenance and control of all state transportation .
The motor pool then , as now , had headquarter facilities in Providence and other garages located throughout the state .
It was organizationally the responsibility of the Department of Public Works and was financed on a rotary fund basis with each agency of government contributing to the pool's operation .
In 1951 the pool's operation was transferred to the newly-created Department of Administration , an agency established as the central staff and auxiliary department of the state government .
The management of state-owned vehicles since that time has been described in a recent report in the following manner : ``
Under this new management considerable progress appears to have been made .
The agencies of government are now billed for the actual cost of services provided to each passenger car rather than the prior uniform charge for all cars .
Whereas the maintenance rotary fund had in the past sustained losses considerably beyond expectations , the introduction of the cost-billing system plus other control refinements has resulted in keeping the fund on a proper working basis .
One indication of the merits of the new management is found in the fact that during the period 1951-1956 , while total annual mileage put on the vehicles increased 35% , the total maintenance cost increased only 11% .
In order to further refine the management of passenger vehicles , on July 1 , 1958 , the actual title to every vehicle was transferred , by Executive Order , to the Division of Methods , Research and Office Services .
The objective behind this action was to place in one agency the responsibility for the management , assignment , and replacement of all vehicles .
( Note : So far as State Police cars are concerned , only their replacement is under this division ) .
This tied in closely with the current attempt to upgrade state-owned cars to the extent that vehicles are not retained beyond the point where maintenance costs ( in light of depreciation ) become excessive .
Moreover , it allows the present management to reassign vehicles so that mileage will be more uniformly distributed throughout the fleet ; ;
for example , if one driver puts on 22,000 miles per year and another driver 8,000 miles per year , their cars will be switched so that both cars will have 30,000 miles after two years , rather than 44,000 miles ( and related higher maintenance costs ) and 16,000 miles respectively '' .
The motor pool is a completely centralized and mechanized operation .
It handles all types of vehicle maintenance , but concentrates more on `` service station activities '' than on extensive vehicle repairs .
It contracts with outside repair garages for much of the latter work .
Where the pool excels is in its compilation of maintenance and cost-data studies and analyses .
Pool records reveal in detail the cost per mile and miles per gallon of each vehicle , the miles traveled in one year or three years , the periods when vehicle costs become excessive , and when cars should be traded for sound economies .
From this , motor pool personnel develop other meaningful and related data .
In 1959-60 , vehicles averaged an operating cost of $.027 per mile .
Based on this figure and considering depreciation costs of vehicles , pool personnel have determined that travel in excess of 10,000 miles annually is more economical by state car than by payment of allowances for use of personally-owned vehicles .
They estimate further that with sufficient experience and when cost-data of compact cars is compiled , the break-even point may be reduced to 7,500 miles of travel per year .
Table 2 shows operating cost data of state vehicles selected at random .
One matter of concern to the complete effectiveness of pool operations is the lack of adequate central garage facilities .
Present pool quarters at two locations in Providence are crowded , antiquated and , in general , make for inefficient operation in terms of dispersement of personnel and duplication of such operational needs as stock and repair equipment .
Good facilities would be a decided help to pool operations and probably reduce vehicle costs even more .
Purchasing practices .
The purchase of state-owned vehicles is handled in the same manner as all other purchases of the state .
Requests are made by the motor pool along with any necessary cooperation from the agencies to which assignments of cars will be made .
Bids are evaluated by the Division of Purchases with the assistance of pool staff , and awards for the purchase of the automobiles are made to the lowest responsible bidders .
Unit prices for state vehicles are invariably lower than to the general public .
The reasons are obvious : ( 1 ) the state is buying in quantity , and ( 2 ) it has no federal excise or state sales tax to pay .
Until 1958 the state was also entitled to a special type of manufacturers' discount through the dealers .
In that ownership of all vehicles rests with the state motor pool , cars are paid for with funds appropriated to the agencies but transferred to the rotary fund mentioned earlier .
This is a normal governmental procedure which reflects more accurately cost-accounting principles .
The assignment and use of vehicles after purchase is another matter to be covered in detail later .
Vehicle purchase , assignment , and use policies
Probably the most important of all matters for review are the broad administrative policies governing the purchase , assignment , use , and management of state vehicles .
The legislature's role in policy determination in this area for years has been confined almost solely to the amount of funds appropriated annually for the purchase and operation of vehicles .
The more meaningful policies have been left to the judgment of the chief administrative officer of the state -- the Director of Administration .
The Rhode Island property tax
There was a time some years ago when local taxation by the cities and towns was sufficient to support their own operations and a part of the cost of the state government as well .
For many years a state tax on cities and towns was paid by the several municipalities to the state from the proceeds of the general property tax .
This tax was discontinued in 1936 .
Since that time the demands of the citizens for new and expanded services have placed financial burdens on the state which could not have been foreseen in earlier years .
At the same time there has been an upgrading and expansion of municipal services as well .
Thus , there has come into being a situation in which the state must raise all of its own revenues and , in addition , must give assistance to its local governments .
This financial assistance from the state has become necessary because the local governments themselves found the property tax , or at least at the rates then existing , insufficient for their requirements .
Consequently there have developed several forms of grants-in-aid and shared taxes , as well as the unrestricted grant to local governments for general purposes whose adoption accompanied the introduction of a sales tax at the state level .
Notwithstanding state aid , the local governments are continuing to seek additional revenue of their own by strengthening the property tax .
This is being done both by the revaluation of real property and by seeking out forms of personal property hitherto neglected or ignored .
Taxation of tangible movable property in Rhode Island has been generally of a `` hands off '' nature due possibly to several reasons : ( 1 ) local assessors , in the main , are not well paid and have inadequate office staffs , ( 2 ) the numerous categories of this component of personal property make locating extremely difficult , and ( 3 ) the inexperience of the majority of assessors in evaluating this type of property .
Problems of taxing personal property .
Among the many problems in the taxing of personal property , and of movable tangible property in particular , two are significant : ( 1 ) situs , ( 2 ) fair and equitable assessment of value .
These problems are not local to Rhode Island , but are recognized as common to all states .
Situs of property .
Although the laws of the various states , in general , specify the situs of property , i.e. , residence or domicile of the owner , or location of the property , the exceptions regarding boats , airplanes , mobile homes , etc. , seem to add to the uncertainty of the proper origination point for assessment .
Rhode Island law specifies that all real estate is taxable in the town in which it is situated .
It also provides for the taxation of all personal property , belonging to inhabitants of the state , both tangible and intangible , and the tangible personal property of non-residents in this state .
In defining personal property , it specifically mentions `` all ships or vessels , at home or abroad '' .
Intangible property is taxable wherever the owner has a place of abode the greater portion of the year .
Although a similar situs for tangible property is mentioned in the statute , this is cancelled out by the provision that definite kinds of property `` and all other tangible property '' situated or being in any town is taxable where the property is situated .
This would seem to fix the tax situs of all movable personal property at its location on December 31 .
Both boats and aircraft would fall within this category , as well as motor vehicles .
The location of the latter now is determined for tax purposes at the time of registration , and it is now accepted practice to consider a motor vehicle as being situated where it is garaged .
Obviously , it would be impossible to determine where every vehicle might be on the 31st day of December .
In view of the acceptance accorded the status of motor vehicles for tax purposes , in the absence of any specific provision it would seem entirely consistent to apply the same interpretation to boats or aircraft .
A recent example of this problem is the flying of six airplanes , on December 31 , 1960 , from the Newport Airpark in Middletown , to the North Central Airport in Smithfield .
This situation resulted in both towns claiming the tax , and probably justifiably .
Middletown bases its claim on the general provision of the law that `` all rateable property , both tangible and intangible , shall be taxed to the owner thereof in the town in which such owner shall have had his actual place of abode for the larger portion of the twelve ( 12 ) months next preceding the first day of April in each year '' .
The Smithfield tax assessor , in turn , claims the tax under the provision of law `` and all other tangible personal property situated or being in any town , in or upon any place of storage shall be taxed to such person in the town where said property is situated '' .
Assessment of value .
This problem of fair and equitable assessment of value is a difficult one to solve in that the determination of fair valuation is dependent on local assessors , who in general are non-professional and part-time personnel taking an individualistic approach to the problem .
This accounts for the wide variance in assessment practices of movable tangible property in the various municipalities in Rhode Island .
This condition will undoubtedly continue until such time as a state uniform system of evaluation is established , or through mutual agreement of the local assessing officials for a method of standard assessment practice to be adopted .
The Rhode Island Public Expenditure Council in its publication once commented : ``
The most realistic way of facing up to this problem would be to have the State take over full responsibility for assessing all taxable property .
An adequately staffed and equipped State assessing office could apply uniform methods and standards which would go far toward producing equitable assessments on all properties throughout the State .
A single statewide assessing unit would eliminate the differences and complications that are inherent in a system of 39 different and independent assessing units '' .
The Institute of Public Administration , in its report to the State Fiscal Study Commission in 1959 , recommended `` consolidating and centralizing all aspects of property tax administration in a single state agency professionally organized and equipped for the job '' .
The resulting setup , it was declared , `` would be similar to that which is in successful operation in a number of metropolitan counties as large or larger than Rhode Island '' .
Practices in Rhode Island .
To determine the practice and attitude of municipal governments concerning tangible movable property , a questionnaire was sent to all local government assessors or boards of assessors in Rhode Island .
The replies from each individual town are not given in detail because the questions asked the personal opinion of the several assessors and are not necessarily the established policy of the town in each case .
There are legitimate reasons for differences of opinion among the assessors as a whole and among the public officials in each town .
These opinions of the assessors are of significance in indicating what their thinking seems to be at the present time .
In reply to a question of whether they now tax boats , airplanes and other movable property excluding automobiles , nineteen said that they did and twenty that they did not .
The wording of the question was quite general and may have been subject to different interpretations .
One assessor checked boats only , another trailers and tractors , one mentioned house trailers , and two others referred to trailers without specifying the type .
In two cases , airplanes only were indicated .
It is difficult to tabulate exactly what was meant in each individual situation , but the conclusion may be drawn that 21 towns do not assess movable personal property , and of the remainder only certain types are valued for tax purposes .
Boats were indicated specifically by only one of the five towns known to tax boats .
It would seem , then , that movable property and equipment is not taxed as a whole but that certain types are taxed in towns where this is bound to be expedient for that particular kind of personal property .
So few answered the question relating to their efforts to assess movable property that the results are inconclusive .
Only four towns indicated that they made any more than a normal effort to list property of this kind .
Of greater interest is a question as to whether movable property was assessed according to its location or ownership .
Fifteen stated that it was according to location , four by residence of the owner , and nineteen did not answer .
Twenty-seven assessors stated that they were in favor of improved means for assessing movable personal property , and only five were opposed .
Seven others expressed no opinion .
On this point there was fairly general agreement that assessors would like to do more than they are doing now .
It is not clear , however , whether they are thinking of all movable property or only of boats , trailers , aircraft or certain other types of personal property whose assessment would be advantageous to their particular towns .
Another question that was asked of the assessors was whether they favored the assessment of movable property at its location or at the residence of the owner .
Eighteen voted for assessment by the town in which it is located and eleven preferred assessment by the town in which the owner resides .
Ten others made no reply .
Of those who have an opinion , it seems that assessment by location is preferred .
There was one vote for location being the place where the property is situated for the greater portion of the twelve months preceding the assessment date .
To summarize , it may be said that there is no one prevailing practice in Rhode Island with respect to the taxation of movable property , that assessors would like to see an improvement , and of those who have an opinion , that assessment by the town of location is preferred on the basis of their present knowledge .
The need for greater knowledge is evident from their replies .
Boats as personal property
taxing of boats .
Interest has been shown for a number of years by local assessors in the possibility of taxing boats .
Assessors in Rhode Island are charged not only with placing a valuation upon real and personal property , but they also have the responsibility to raise by a tax `` a sum not less than nor more than '' a specified amount as ordered by a city council or financial town meeting .
It has been obvious to the assessors , particularly those in shore communities , that boats comprise the largest category of tangible personal property which they have been unable to reach .
Through their professional organization , the Rhode Island Tax Officials Association the question of taxing boats long has been debated and discussed .
No satisfactory solution has been found , but this is due more to the difficulties inherent in the problem than to a lack of interest or diligence on the part of the assessors .
It has been estimated that the value of boats in Rhode Island waters is something in excess of fifty million dollars , excluding commercial boats .
It is obvious that this is a potential and lucrative source of revenue for the assessors of those towns where a substantial amount of such property would be subject to taxation .
It is known that at least five towns ( Barrington , Bristol , Narragansett , Newport and Westerly ) place some value on some boats for tax purposes .
However , few are taxed , and the owners and location of most boats are unknown to the assessors on the date of assessment of town valuations .
No one really knows how many boats there actually are or what their aggregate value may be .
Slightly more than 5,000 boats were registered with the Coast Guard prior to the recent passage of the state boating law .
Only a few more than 10,000 boats had been registered with the Division of Harbors and Rivers at the end of the 1960 boating season , but many had been taken out of the water early when the threat of a hurricane brought the season to an early close .
The assessors' association , meeting at Narragansett in September 1960 , devoted its session to a discussion of the boat problem .
Local industry's investment in Rhode Island was the big story in 1960's industrial development effort .
Fifty-two companies started or committed themselves to new plant construction , totaling 1,418,000 square feet and representing an investment of $11,900,000 ; ;
a new post-World War 2 , record .
With minor exceptions , this expansion was instituted either by firms based in Rhode Island or out-of-state manufacturers already operating here .
What made these new location figures particularly impressive was the fact that although 1960 was a year of mild business recession throughout the nation , Rhode Island scored marked progress in new industry , new plants , and new jobs .
Of the major expansions in 1960 , three were financed under the R. I. Industrial Building Authority's 100% guaranteed mortgage plan : Collyer Wire , Leesona Corporation , and American Tube & Controls .
Leading firms that arranged their own financing included Speidel Corporation , Cornell-Dubilier , Photek , Inc. Division of Textron , Narragansett Gray Iron Foundry , W. R. Cobb Company , and Mays Manufacturing Company .
Expansion and relocation of industry in Rhode Island is the direct responsibility of the Development Council's Industrial Division , and the figures quoted above indicate a successful year's operation .
Industrial Division personnel worked with 54 out-of-state and 97 Rhode Island concerns during 1960 , many of whom are still interested in a Rhode Island location .
They are conscious of this state's new feeling of optimism and assurance and are definitely impressed by the number of new plants and construction projects in Rhode Island .
Aids to small business
Although much of the Industrial Division's promotional effort is devoted to securing new locations and expansions by major industries , small business is also afforded considerable attention .
Our Office of Foreign and Domestic Commerce carries on a vigorous program , directly aimed at solving and expediting the problems of manufacturers in the lower employment categories .
A primary function is the operation of a Government Bid Center , which receives bids daily from the Federal Government's principal purchasing agencies .
Assistance is rendered to interested Rhode Island businessmen concerning interpretation of bid invitations , where to obtain specifications , and follow-ups concerning qualification .
During the past year , 10,517 government bid invitations were received and 4,427 procurement leads were mailed to Rhode Island manufacturers .
In addition , the Office's domestic trade program provided consultant services to those seeking information on establishment of new businesses ; ;
how and where to apply for financial assistance ; ;
details on marketing ; ;
information concerning patents , copyrights and trade marks , availability of technical reports , and other subjects of interest to small business .
The Office of Foreign and Domestic Commerce is also active in the field of international trade , assisting Rhode Island firms in developing and enlarging markets abroad .
This office cooperates with the U. S. Department of Commerce in giving statewide coverage to services which include : statistics on markets abroad ; ;
locating foreign agents , buyers , distributors , etc. ; ;
information on foreign and domestic import duties and regulations , licensing , investments , and establishing of branch representatives or plants abroad , and documentary requirements concerning export shipments and arrangements for payment .
During the year 1960 , this office supplied 954 visitors with information related to foreign and domestic commerce , and made 73 field visits .
Advertising program
Our media advertising continued , during 1960 , its previous effective program that stressed such specifics as 100% financing , plant availabilities , and location advantages .
We also continued to run a series of ads featuring endorsement of Rhode Island by industrialists who had recently established new plants here .
To reach a still greater audience of location-minded manufacturers , our industrial advertising budget for the fiscal year was increased from $32,000 to $40,000 , and the Industrial Building Authority's financial participation was upped from $17,000 to $20,000 .
Newspaper advertising was mainly concentrated in the New York Times and the Wall Street Journal ( Eastern and Midwestern editions ) which averaged two prominent ads per month , and to a lesser degree the New York Herald Tribune and , for the west coast , the Los Angeles Times and the Wall Street Journal ( Pacific Coast edition ) .
In addition to the regular schedule , advertisements were run for maximum impact in special editions of the New York Times , Boston Herald , American Banker , Electronic News and , for local promotion , the Providence Sunday Journal .
Magazine advertising included Management Methods , The New Englander , U. S. Investor , and Plant Location .
The direct mail campaign consisted of 3 intra-state mailings of 1680 letters each and 6 out-of-state directed to electronics , plastics , pharmaceutical , and business machine manufacturers , and to publishers .
These totaled 6,768 pieces of correspondence .
The 1960 advertising campaign brought a total of 239 inquiries ; ;
164 from media and 75 from direct mail .
Two hundred and nineteen were received from 35 of our 50 United States and 11 came from foreign countries .
New York led in the number of inquiries , followed by California , New Jersey , Massachusetts , and Pennsylvania .
Among foreign countries responding were Germany , Canada , Brazil and India .
Industrial promotion
An important operation in soliciting industrial locations involves what we term `` Missionary calls '' by one of this Division's industrial promotion specialists .
These consist of visits , without previous announcement , on top officials of manufacturing concerns located in highly industrialized areas .
More than 25 carefully selected cities were visited , including New York , Brooklyn , Long Island City , Newark , Elizabeth , Stamford , Waterbury , New Haven , Bridgeport , Boston , Cambridge , Worcester , and Waltham .
Out of a total of 603 calls , 452 contacts were established with top executive personnel .
We received 76 out-of-state visitors interested in investigating Rhode Island's industrial advantages , and Industrial Division personnel made 55 out-of-state follow-up visits .
Industrial conferences
During 1960 , two important conferences were organized by the Development Council's Industrial Division .
In June , the Office of Foreign and Domestic Commerce -- in conjunction with local trade associations , chambers of commerce , and bank officials -- sponsored a World Trade Conference at the Sheraton-Biltmore Hotel .
Its purpose was to find ways of offsetting the United States' declining balance of trade for 1958 and 1959 .
Approximately 100 representatives of business attended this conclave and the R. I. Export Conference Committee later voted to continue the activity as an annual event .
On October 8th of last year , the Industrial Division sponsored the Governor's Conference on Industrial Development at the former Henry Barnard School .
A comprehensive program devoted to the various phases of the development effort attracted 143 interested individuals .
Morning sessions included addresses by Ward Miller , Jr. of the U. S. Dept. of Commerce .
Richard Preston , executive director of the New Hampshire State Planning and Development Commission , and Edwin C. Kepler of General Electric Company .
Workshop sessions in the afternoon featured development executives from Pennsylvania , Connecticut and Maine , and rounded out a rewarding program .
In connection with this conference , a 64-page supplement was published in the October 2nd edition of The Providence Sunday Journal .
Devoted to the improvement in business climate and increase in industrial construction in Rhode Island , it has proved a valuable mailing piece for this Division .
More than 2000 copies have been sent out to prospective clients .
Mailings and publications
Other special mailings by the Industrial Division included copies of speeches delivered at the Governor's Conference , letters and brochures to conferees at Med-Chemical Symposium at University of Rhode Island and letters and reprints of industrial advertisements to such organizations as Society of Industrial Realtors .
1184 copies of the R. I. Directory Of Manufacturers were distributed : 643 in-state and 541 out-of-state .
The Industrial Division published , in 1960 , a new , attractive industrial brochure , `` Rhode Island -- Right For Industry '' , and prepared copy for a new edition of the Directory Of Manufacturers ( to be printed shortly ) , and for a new space catalogue .
Additional promotional activities included organizing the dedication program for Operation Turnkey , the new automated post office , and a conference with representatives of Brown University , Providence College , and University of Rhode Island , and eight electronics concerns regarding the inauguration of a training program for electronics personnel .
Planning division
Stated in its simplest terms , the main job of the Planning Division is to plan for the future of the State of Rhode Island .
The activities of the Planning Division are defined in considerable detail in the enabling act of the Development Council , which assigns to the agency both broad responsibilities and specific duties in the field of planning .
Two years ago , the Institute of Public Administration issued an extremely comprehensive report entitled `` State-Local Relations In Metropolitan Rhode Island .
As the result of an exhaustive review of the recommendations contained in this report , plus an analysis of our own enabling act , the Planning Division developed a number of basic planning objectives which caused a reorientation of its work program .
These objectives are stated here because of their importance in understanding the current activities of the Planning Division .
( 1 )
First priority will be given to the preparation of a meaningful state guide plan to serve as a background for all other planning activities in the state .
( 2 )
Recognizing the truth of the statement by the Institute of Public Administration that `` Metropolian Planning ( in Rhode Island ) means , or should mean , state planning '' , the state guide plan will take into account the metropolitan nature of many of Rhode Island's problems .
( 3 )
It will continue to be an objective of this division to encourage the acceptance of planning as a proper and continuing responsibility of local government .
To this end , the community assistance program of the planning division will continue to be operated as a staff function to make available , on a shared cost basis , technical planning assistance to those communities in the state unable to maintain their own planning staff .
( 4 )
The planning division will take the initiative in encouraging planning cooperation at all levels of government ; ;
among the operating departments of the state ; ;
between the cities and towns of the state ; ;
and on a regional basis between the six New England states .
( 5 )
On the basis that all citizens of the state are entitled to benefit equally in the development of its resources , plans for the provision of essential services ( such as water ) will be based on need regardless of arbitrary political boundaries , within the framework of the state plan .
( 6 )
The state development budget will reflect the capital needs of all the state agencies and the priority of the projects in the budget will be based on the state plan .
( 7 )
In preparing the state guide plan , particular attention will be given means of strengthening the economy of the state through the development of industry and recreation .
Functionally the planning division carries out four activities : long-range state planning , current state planning , local planning assistance ; ;
and the preparation of the state development budget .
Long-range state planning
The planning division has embarked on the most complete and comprehensive state planning program in the nation .
The long-range aspects of this program are divided into four distinct phases : basic mapping , inventory , analysis and plan and policy formation .
The work program , as it was originally proposed , was to take five years to complete .
Recent events -- particularly the necessity of providing planning information for the statewide origin/destination study of the Department of Public Works -- indicate that this schedule will have to be accelerated .
The basic mapping phase of the program has been completed and the inventory phase is scheduled for completion July 1 , 1961 .
Basic mapping
Since accurate base maps are necessary for any planning program , the first step taken by the planning division to implement the long-range state plan has been to prepare two series of base maps -- one at a scale of 1 inch to a mile , and the second a series of 26 sheets at a scale of 1 inch to 2000 feet , covering the entire state .
With these maps completed , the inventory phase of the plan has been started .
Inventory
With the aid of matching federal funds available under Section 701 of the Housing Act of 1954 as amended , the planning division began a one year program July 1 , 1960 to complete the inventory phase of the state planning program .
This phase consists of four items : urban land use , rural land use , physical features and public utility service areas .
Since the validity of all subsequent planning depends on the accuracy of the basic inventory information , great care is being taken that the inventory is as complete as possible .
The urban land use study carried out by the planning division staff has consisted of identifying and mapping all urban land uses which are of significance to statewide planning .
The rural land use study is being carried out under contract by the University of Rhode Island and identifies all agricultural land uses in the state by type of use .
The mapping of important physical features such as slopes and types of soil and the collection of all available information pertaining to public utility service areas are being conducted as staff projects and , like the other two inventory projects , are scheduled for completion July 1 , 1961 .
Analysis
The collection of information is meaningless unless it is understood and used for a definite purpose .
Special districts in Rhode island .
It is not within the scope of this report to elaborate in any great detail upon special districts in Rhode Island .
However , a word should be mentioned in regard to them as independent units of government .
There are forty-seven special district governments in Rhode Island ( excluding two regional school districts , four housing authorities , and the Kent County Water Authority ) .
These forty-seven special purpose governments have the authority to levy taxes , to borrow money , own property , sue and be sued , and in general to exercise normal corporate powers .
Unlike cities and towns , however , they do not have to submit any financial statements to the state Bureau of Audits .
It is not an exaggeration to say that the state government has little or no fiscal control over these units of government .
In addition to the collection of service charges , the special districts levy annual property taxes of approximately $450,000 .
Fiscal years in other states
comparative data .
A review of practices in other states regarding fiscal uniformity is pertinent to this report .
Included in the findings are : 1 .
Forty-six states , including Rhode Island , end their fiscal year on June 30 .
The other four states end on varying dates : Alabama ( Sept. 30 ) , New York ( March 31 ) , Pennsylvania ( May 31 ) , and Texas ( August 31 ) .
2 .
In sixteen states , the fiscal year ending of the cities ( June 30 ) is the same as that of the state : Alaska , Arizona , California , Delaware , Massachusetts , Montana , Nevada , New Mexico , North Carolina , North Dakota , Oklahoma , Oregon , Vermont , West Virginia , Wyoming , and Hawaii ) .
3 .
In eleven states , the fiscal year of the cities ends on December 31 , while the state fiscal year ends on June 30 ( Arkansas , Colorado , Indiana , Kansas , New Hampshire , New Jersey , Ohio , South Dakota , Utah , Washington , and Wisconsin ) .
4 .
In eight states whose fiscal years close on June 30 , a majority of their cities close their fiscal year on December 31 : :
( Georgia , Iowa , Kentucky , Maine , Maryland , Minnesota , Virginia , and South Carolina ) .
5 .
One state , Alabama , closes its fiscal year on September 30 , and all cities in the state , with one exception , also close fiscal years on September 30 .
6 .
Mississippi closes its fiscal year on June 30 , while all of its cities close their fiscal years on September 30 .
7 .
Pennsylvania closes its fiscal year on May 31 .
All of its cities close their fiscal years on December 31 .
The remaining twelve states have varying fiscal years for the state , city and local governments .
However , only Illinois , Oregon , Louisiana and Rhode Island have a situation in which the sundry units of government vary widely in relation to fiscal uniformity .
Fiscal uniformity : advantages and disadvantages
advantages .
An excellent summary of advantages concerning the uniform fiscal year and coordinated fiscal calendars was contained in a paper presented by a public finance authority recently .
He listed among the values of fiscal uniformity : 1 .
The uniform fiscal year requires compliance with common sense administration of local finances : adoption of the budget , or financial plan , in advance of spending .
2 .
The uniform fiscal year ensures conformance with another common sense rule , that of having cash in the bank before checks are drawn .
It enables towns to make more economical purchases and to take advantage of cash discounts .
3 .
The uniform fiscal year promotes more careful budgeting and strengthens control over expenditures .
By fixing the tax rate in advance of spending , upper limits are set on expenditures .
4 .
The uniform fiscal year brings the town's fiscal year into line with that of the schools , which expend the largest share of local disbursements .
This greatly simplifies the town's bookkeeping and financial reporting .
5 .
The uniform fiscal year eliminates interest charges on money borrowed in the form of tax anticipation notes .
Furthermore , tax collections not immediately needed for current expenditures may be invested in short-term treasury notes , augmenting the town's miscellaneous revenues and reducing the tax levy .
6 .
The uniform fiscal year facilitates inter-town comparison of revenues and expenditures .
When towns have the same fiscal year it is relatively easy to make meaningful comparisons ; ;
and as the cost of local government increases , the demand for such comparison also increases .
Towns having different fiscal years are difficult to compare .
Of all advantages , probably none is more important than the elimination of tax anticipation notes .
Borrowing in anticipation of current taxes and other revenues is a routine procedure of the majority of municipalities at all times .
It may be by bank loans , sale of notes or warrants , or by the somewhat casual method of issuance and registration of warrants .
In any event it is a form of borrowing which could be and should be rendered unnecessary .
Its elimination would result in the saving of interest costs , heavy when short-term money rates are high , and in freedom from dependence on credit which is not always available when needed most .
This type of borrowing can be reduced to a minimum if quarterly installment payment of taxes is instituted and the first payment placed near the opening of the fiscal year .
Any approach toward such a system looks toward saving and security .
It should be noted that there are other and equally important reasons for establishing meaningful intergovernmental reporting bases on a uniform fiscal year .
Both the federal and state governments commence their fiscal years on July 1 .
Both units of government contribute increasingly large sums of money to the several local governments in this state as indicated below :
It has been said that when local government revenues were mostly produced locally from the property tax , the lack of a uniform fiscal year was no great handicap ; ;
but with the growth of state and federal fiscal aid , the emphasis on equalization , and the state-local sharing of responsibility for certain important functions , this is no longer true .
The haphazard fiscal year calendar is an obstacle to the planning of clear and efficient state-local revenue and expenditure relationships .
Disadvantages .
Although there are many sound reasons for adopting uniform and coordinated fiscal years in Rhode Island , there are also certain difficulties encountered .
These involve more the mechanics employed in adjusting to fiscal uniformity than they do actual disadvantages to the principle .
One problem is a matter of shifting dates ; ;
the other , is how to finance the transition .
Little can be done about the changing of dates .
This is an inherent part of adjusting fiscal calendars .
It usually means a confused and disgruntled tax-paying public for a period of time .
But cooperation and understanding between local officials and the citizenry help lessen this problem .
The other problem is the matter of financing the transition period in the several cities and towns .
This will be covered more fully later .
It should be kept in mind that the ease or difficulty with which a town or city can convert to the proposed plan is directly dependent upon the financial condition of that town or city .
Fortunately , there are no cities or towns in the state , with one or two possible exceptions that are in too difficult a position to finance the proposed change .
Sacrifice will have to be made in some cases , but it is to the municipality's advantage to finance the change-over for a short period of time rather than pay interest on tax anticipation notes indefinitely .
Adjusting the fiscal calendars
The advantages of a uniform fiscal year and well synchronized fiscal and tax collection calendars are sufficiently great for Rhode Island municipalities to exert effort to secure them .
The type of program desired can be determined by the nature and extent of the adjustments needed .
Two features are immediately evident .
First , the present situation is too varied to be systematized by any single formula .
Second , the shift to a uniform July 1 to June 30 fiscal year will , of itself , improve the tax collection calendars of the great majority of cities and towns .
There are at least two problems to consider : one is a matter of adjusting the fiscal calendar ; ;
the other is how to finance the adjustments when necessary .
The latter matter is considered in detail in a later section .
Twelve cities and towns in Rhode Island presently indicate some plans to establish a uniform and/or coordinated fiscal tax year calendar .
Plans vary from the `` talking stage '' to establishing special committees to accomplish this end .
What is important here is that many of the cities and towns recognize the need for improved fiscal practices and are taking the initiative to obtain them .
An analysis of the fiscal tax collection year calendars throughout the state indicates that transition may not be as painful as is commonly thought .
However , it must be stressed that much depends upon the financial condition of the individual cities and towns involved .
The adjustments needed to establish a uniform and coordinated fiscal tax collection year calendar throughout Rhode Island , based on a July 1 to June 30 year , are shown below .
No adjustment needed .
Six cities and towns are presently on a July 1 to June 30 fiscal year and have coordinated their tax collection year with it .
No change is required for these towns .
These municipalities include : Barrington , Lincoln , Middletown , Newport , North Kingstown , and South Kingstown .
Adjustment of fiscal year .
One town and one city , Coventry and East Providence , require an adjustment of their fiscal year only .
This change will automatically adjust their tax collection year calendar so as to make all tax installments due and payable in the fiscal year collectible within that year .
Adjustment of tax collection year .
Six cities and towns are now on a July 1 to June 30 fiscal year and will need only to adjust their tax collection year calendar to establish uniformity .
These cities and towns include Bristol , Glocester , Pawtucket , Cumberland , Central Falls , and Woonsocket .
Simultaneous adjustments .
Two cities to be considered , Providence and Cranston , are an enigma .
Both have excellent integration of their fiscal tax collection year calendars .
However , neither of these two cities is on the desired July 1 to June 30 fiscal year .
The adjustment to a uniform and coordinated fiscal period could be accomplished relatively easily for them .
In that both cities end their fiscal years on September 30 , they could levy taxes for an interim period of nine months , commencing with September 30 and ending with June 30 .
These three installment dates would be : October 26 , January 26 , and April 25 ( Providence ) and November 15 , February 16 and May 15 ( Cranston ) .
Both would start their new fiscal year on July 1 .
Their tax collection calendar could then be : July 25 , October 26 , January 26 , and April 25 , ( Providence ) ; ;
and August 15 , November 15 , February 17 , and May 15 , ( Cranston ) .
Under this plan both Cranston and Providence would be on the uniform fiscal year but would still be using the same installment periods .
Varying adjustments .
The remaining twenty-three towns have fiscal years which end prior to June 30 .
All of these towns will require adjustments of both their fiscal and tax collection years .
Assuming an adjustment to the July 1 to June 30 fiscal year , the required adjustment of the tax collection years and the towns involved are shown in Table 3 .
Methods of financing adjustments
Aside from the matter of adjusting the fiscal and tax calendars , there is the problem of financing the adjustment when this is necessary .
It should be emphasized strongly that adjustments in fiscal dates or adoption of interim budgets do not necessarily mean financing over and above normal governmental requirements .
In many communities there is simply no financial problem ; ;
it is only a matter of adjusting accounting methods , careful fiscal planning and management , or some like combination of techniques .
In other municipalities the difficulties in overcoming the financial burden have been sufficiently great to dishearten proponents of fiscal year changes .
Fortunately , such cases in Rhode Island are more the exception than the rule .
As shown earlier in Table 1 , the several cities and towns use widely varied fiscal and tax collection calendars .
In addition , no two Rhode Island communities are identical in relation to their over-all financial condition .
These factors practically insure that no single financing formula is feasible ; ;
each situation must be studied and a plan developed that takes into consideration such factors as the effect of the existing and prospective tax calendars , the financial condition of the treasuries , and the length of the transition interval .
Suitable plans range from those that are very easy to develop to those that are difficult to formulate and require borrowing ranging from short-term serial notes to long-term bonds .
The financial problem , where it exists , usually stems from the adoption of a budget for the transitional or adjustment period .
For those communities which have financial difficulties in effecting adjustments , there are a number of alternatives any one of which alone , or in combination with others , would minimize if not even eliminate the problem .
Rhode Island Heritage Week proclamation by John A. Notte , Jr. , governor
The theme of Rhode Island Heritage Week for 1961 will be `` Independence and Union '' .
It commemorates the 185th anniversary of Rhode Island's Independence when , upon May 4 , 1776 , the General Assembly , by its action , established the first free republic in the New World .
As this year marks the centennial of the beginning of the Civil War , this fact is being commemorated with several exhibits throughout the State , but most of all paying tribute to the first Rhode Island Volunteers who rushed to the defense of the City of Washington , putting at the disposal of President Lincoln the only fully equipped and best trained regiment at this time .
On April 30 , ceremonies commemorating the departure of these volunteers will take place at 1:00 P.M. at the Dexter Training Grounds in Providence .
The Independence Day celebration will be properly observed with a big military and civic parade from West Warwick to the Greene Homestead in Anthony ; ;
and now , therefore , do I , John A. Notte , Jr. , governor of the State of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations , proclaim the week of april 29th to may 7th , 1961 , as Rhode Island Heritage Week , advising our citizens that throughout this week many historic houses and beautiful gardens will be open to visitors as well as industrial plants , craft shops , museums and libraries and I earnestly urge all to take advantage of these opportunities to see as many of these places as they can during this outstanding week .
In testimony whereof , I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the State to be affixed this 21st day of April , in the year of Our Lord , one thousand nine hundred and sixty-one and on Independence , the one hundred and eighty-fifth .
Governor
Armed Forces Day Proclamation by John A. Notte , Jr. , Governor
The year 1961 marks the fourteenth anniversary of the unification of our Armed Forces under the National Security Act of 1947 .
National defense , like the continuing search for peace with freedom and justice for all , is `` everybody's business '' .
Our investment in this effort , the greatest in our Nation's history , reflects our determination to ensure the peace and the future of freedom .
It is a sound investment .
As the President has said , `` only when our arms are sufficient beyond doubt can we be certain that they will never be employed '' .
Armed Forces Day is the annual report on this investment , a public presentation designed to give our own people , and the people of other lands who stand with us for peace with freedom and justice , the best possible opportunity to see and understand what we have and why we have it .
It is the purpose of Armed Forces Day to give Americans an opportunity to honor men of the Armed Forces , those who have made the supreme sacrifice , those who remain to preserve our security .
Freedom depends upon them ; ;
now , therefore , do I , John A. Notte , Jr. , governor of the State of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations , proclaim Saturday , May 20th , 1961 , as Armed Forces Day , reminding our citizens that we should rededicate ourselves to our Nation , respecting the uniforms as the guardians of our precious liberty .
In testimony whereof , I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the State to be affixed this 17th day of May , in the year of Our Lord , one thousand nine hundred and sixty-one , and of Independence , the one hundred and eighty-sixth .
Governor
National Maritime Day proclamation by John A. Notte , Jr. , Governor
The President of the United States , pursuant to a Joint Resolution of Congress , has issued a proclamation each year since 1933 declaring May 22nd to be National Maritime Day .
This date in 1819 marked the sailing of the S. S. `` Savannah '' from Savannah , Georgia , for Liverpool .
This voyage was the first successful crossing of the Atlantic under steam propulsion .
The day is now appropriately set aside to honor the American men and women who have contributed to the success of our merchant marine fleet in peace and war .
The Merchant Marine is the `` Fourth Arm of Defense '' , for a strong and effective American Merchant Marine is essential to the economy and security of our Nation .
Through trade and travel across the seas the American Merchant Marine is carrying out its historic mission of linking the United States of America with friendly nations across the seas ; ;
and now , therefore , do I , John A. Notte , Jr. , Governor of the State of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations , proclaim Monday , May 22nd , 1961 , as National Maritime Day , reminding our citizens that American Merchant ships and American seamen are ready at all times to serve our Nation in the cause of freedom and justice .
In testimony whereof , I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the State to be affixed this 20th day of April , in the year of Our Lord , one thousand nine hundred and sixty-one , and of Independence , the one hundred and eighty-fifth .
Governor
Miss Rhode Island Pageant Week proclamation by John A. Notte , Jr. , Governor
The Miss Rhode Island Pageant is sponsored by the Rhode Island Junior Chamber of Commerce as a part of the nation-wide search for the typical American girl -- a Miss America from Rhode Island .
This is an official preliminary contest of the Miss America Pageant held each September in Atlantic City .
The ideal girl -- possessed of talent , poise , intelligence , personality and beauty of face and figure -- is chosen each year to represent Rhode Island .
Many hours are given free by the Jaycees to make this and all local pageants outstanding events .
Proceeds realized from these pageants are used by the Jaycees to help support their various youth , health , welfare and community betterment activities throughout the state .
Miss Sally May Saabye , ( Miss Rhode Island 1960 ) says that within a short time -- on June 17th -- her reign will come to an end .
She hopes that all will support the contestants from our own community by attending our Pageants and the State Pageant June 17 ; ;
and now , therefore , do I , John A. Notte , Jr. , Governor of the State of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations , proclaim the week of June 11th to 17th , 1961 , as Miss Rhode Island Pageant Week , with deep appreciation to the Jaycees , local and statewide , for the presentation of their beautiful Pageants and the encouragement of all Rhode Island girls to participate .
In testimony whereof , I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the State to be affixed this 11th day of June , in the year of Our Lord , one thousand nine hundred and sixty-one , and of Independence , the one hundred and eighty-sixth .
Governor
United Nations Day proclamation by John A. Notte , Jr. , governor
For the purpose of maintaining international peace and promoting the advancement of all people , the United States of America joined in founding the United Nations .
The United Nations Charter sets forth standards which , if adhered to , will promote peace and justice throughout the world .
It is extremely important for each American to realize that the theme `` The United Nations Is Your Business '' applies to him personally .
The world desperately needs the United Nations .
United Nations Day is the birthday of the United Nations , mankind's noblest attempt to establish lasting peace with justice ; ;
and now , therefore , do I , John A. Notte , Jr. , governor of the State of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations , proclaim Tuesday , October 24th , 1961 , as United Nations day , calling upon all our citizens to engage in appropriate observances , demonstrating faith in the United Nations and thereby contributing to a better understanding of the aims of the United Nations throughout the land .
In testimony whereof , I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the State to be affixed this 5th day of July , in the year of Our Lord , one thousand nine hundred and sixty-one , and of Independence , the one hundred and eighty-sixth .
Governor
The State Ballet of Rhode Island Week proclamation by John A. Notte , Jr. , Governor
The ballet originated in Italy about 1450 .
At that time it was a series of sophisticated social dances whose steps were often combined with other steps devised by the choreographer .
Ballet flowered in Italy during the next hundred years , and about 1550 was carried to France when the Italian princess , Catherine De Medicis , married the King of France .
The most famous ballet of that time was called Ballet Comique De La Reine ( 1581 ) .
Dances alternated with sung or spoken verses .
Ballets were used in opera from its beginning .
They were placed either in the middle of the acts or in the intermissions .
The State Ballet of Rhode Island , the first incorporated group , was formed for the purpose of extending knowledge of the art of ballet in the Community , to promote interest in ballet performances , to contribute to the cultural life of the State , and to provide opportunity for gifted dance students who , for one reason or another , are unable to pursue a career and to develop others for the professional state ; ;
and now , therefore , do I , John A. Notte , Jr. , Governor of the State of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations , proclaim the week of Monday , November 13 , 1961 , as the State Ballet of Rhode Island Week , requesting all Rhode Islanders to give special attention to this unusual event which should contribute to the cultural life of the State .
In testimony whereof , I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the State to be affixed this 23d day of October , in the year of Our Lord , one thousand nine hundred and sixty-one , and of Independence , the one hundred and eighty-sixth .
Governor
Proclamation Thanksgiving Day by John A. Notte , Jr. , Governor
As another Thanksgiving draws near , let us take time out from the often hectic pace of our lives to try and recapture the feelings that filled the hearts of the Pilgrims on the first Thanksgiving .
The Pilgrims gathered to thank the Lord for His benevolence during their first year in the new land .
They had been through trying times , but their faith in the Almighty had given them the courage and the strength to meet and overcome the many problems and difficulties that were the price they had to pay for freedom .
And as the Pilgrims bowed their heads in humble gratitude , they shared another feeling -- the anticipation of what the future held for them and their posterity .
They could not guess that from their concepts of liberty and freedom would some day be born a new nation that for years would be the symbol of hope to the oppressed countries of the world .
They simply turned to God filled with gratitude and faith .
We who are living today may learn a valuable lesson from those who celebrated the first Thanksgiving Day .
The Lord has shown time and time again His love for us .
We have only to compare the liberty and high standard of living we enjoy in this great country with the oppression and frugality of other nations to realize with humble gratitude that God's Providence has been with us since the very beginning of our country .
And yet , accompanying our gratitude is the realization that we are living in a crucial time .
With world peace constantly being threatened , most of us regard the future skeptically , and even with fear .
It is at this time that we should imitate the Pilgrims by accompanying our prayers of thanks with the conviction that we shall continue to be in dire need for the Lord's protection in the future , if we are to have peace ; ;
now , therefore , do I , John A. Notte , Jr. , governor of the State of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations , proclaim Thursday , November 23rd , 1961 , as Thanksgiving Day ,
And so , let us remember on this day not only to thank the Almighty Who gave hope and courage to the Pilgrims , but also to place our trust in Him that He will continue to protect us in the future as He has in the past .
In testimony whereof , I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the State to be affixed this 21st day of November , in the year of Our Lord , one thousand nine hundred and sixty-one and of Independence , the one hundred and eighty-sixth .
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled , That the Act of July 3 , 1952 ( 66 Stat. 328 ) as amended ( 42 U.S.C. 1952-1958 ) , is further amended to read as follows : Section 1 .
In view of the increasing shortage of usable surface and ground water in many parts of the Nation and the importance of finding new sources of supply to meet its present and future water needs , it is the policy of the Congress to provide for the development of practicable low-cost means for the large-scale production of water of a quality suitable for municipal , industrial , agricultural , and other beneficial consumptive uses from saline water , and for studies and research related thereto .
As used in this Act , the term ' saline water ' includes sea water , brackish water , and other mineralized or chemically charged water , and the term ' United States ' extends to and includes the District of Columbia , the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico , and the territories and possessions of the United States .
The authority of the Secretary of the Interior under this joint resolution to construct , operate , and maintain demonstration plants shall terminate upon the expiration of twelve years after the date on which this joint resolution is approved .
Upon the expiration of a period deemed adequate for demonstration purposes for each plant , but not to exceed such twelve-year period , the Secretary shall proceed as promptly as practicable to dispose of any plants so constructed by sale to the highest bidder , or as may otherwise be directed by Act of Congress .
Upon such sale , there shall be returned to any State or public agency which has contributed financial assistance under Section 3 of this joint resolution a proper share of the net proceeds of the sale .
Approved September 22 , 1961 .
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled , That the Secretary of the Interior is hereby authorized and directed to make or cause to be made a study covering -- ( 1 )
the causes of injuries and health hazards in Metal and nonmetallic mines ( excluding coal and lignite mines ) ; ;
The education function of the Institute is carried on by the staff in the departments of pathology and its consultants .
During fiscal year 1959 , six courses were conducted : Forensic Pathology , Application of Histochemistry to Pathology , Pathology of Diseases of Laboratory Animals , Ophthalmic Pathology , Pathology of the Oral Regions , and a Cardiovasculatory Pathology Seminar .
During fiscal year 1960 , seven courses were conducted : Application of Histochemistry to Pathology , Forensic Pathology , Pathology of Diseases of Laboratory Animals , Pathology of the Oral Regions , Ophthalmic Pathology , Forensic Sciences Symposium , and Orthopedic Pathology .
From 1 July 1960 through 31 January 1961 , six courses were conducted : Workshop in Resident Training in Pathology , Pathology of Diseases of Laboratory Animals , Application of Histochemistry of Pathology , Orthopedic Pathology , Forensic Sciences Symposium , and Forensic Pathology .
The Institute is engaged in an extensive program of medico-military scientific research in both morphological and experimental pathology .
Among the specific areas of concentration in which the staff is engaged , are such projects as biological and biochemical studies of the effects of microwaves ; ;
study of motor end plates in man and animals ; ;
investigation of respiratory diseases of laboratory animals ; ;
metabolic responses to reduced oxygen tension ; ;
neuropathology of nuclear and cosmic radiation ; ;
carcinoma of prostate ; ;
evaluation of histochemical techniques ; ;
and hip dysplasia in dogs .
There has been an increase in cooperative research with other Federal agencies and civilian institutions .
During the period from 1 July 1960 through 31 January 1961 , additional research affiliations were effected with the U. S. Army Medical Research and Development Command to conduct research in procedures for quantitative electron microscopy , and for the study of biophysical and biological studies of the structure and function of ocular tissue .
Also , the Defense Atomic Support Agency sponsored a long-range study at this Institute on the response of massive suspension cultures of mammalian cells to acute radiation .
Other scientific agencies , both Federal and civilian , supported studies in quantitative electron microscopical approach to microchemistry and microcytochemistry ; ;
the investigation of the relationship of diphosphopyridine nucleotide synthesizine enzyme to tumor growth ; ;
morphological study and classification of leukemia and lymphoma cases in animals ; ;
and the study of structural changes in M. leprae and other mycobacteria .
Medical Illustration Service
The Medical Illustration Service is responsible for the collection , publication , exhibition , and file of medical illustration material of medico-military importance to the Armed Forces .
In addition to maintaining a permanent central file of illustrations of diseases , wounds , and injuries of military importance , it provides facilities for clinical photography , photomicrography , and medical arts , and operates a printing plant , by permission of Congressional Committee , for publication of an `` Atlas of Tumor Pathology '' .
It also maintains shops for the design and fabrication of exhibits , training aids and instruments and libraries for the loan of films and teaching lantern slide sets .
During this period , a total of 762 exhibits were presented at 442 medical and scientific meetings .
Of these exhibits , 154 were newly constructed .
Twenty-nine exhibits received awards .
Visual and operable training aids developed by the Medical Illustration Service , were used in support of Army Medical Service mass casualty exercises .
Members of the Medical Illustration Service lectured and conducted demonstrations on the use of training aids to military personnel and various civilian medical organizations .
Demonstrations of new and projected training aids were conducted at the Medical Service Instructor's Conference , Brooke Army Medical Center , Texas .
In support of the emphasis placed by the Department of Defense on instruction in emergency medical care , the Medical Illustration Service developed casualty simulation kits and rescue breathing manikins which are being field tested ; ;
and overhead projector transparency sets on the subjects of Military Sanitation : First Aid For Soldiers ; ;
Bandaging And Splinting ; ;
The Emergency Medical Treatment Unit , Phase 1 ; ;
and Emergency War Surgery in support of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization ( NATO ) Handbook .
Fifty lantern slide teaching sets on the subject of `` Emergency War Surgery ( NATO ) '' were assembled and distributed to the Medical Military Services of foreign Governments associated with NATO and South-East Asia Treaty Organization .
The British and Canadian Liaison Officers , as well as Office of Civil and Defense Mobilization , the American Red Cross , and similar interested organizations were informed from time to time as training aids were developed .
Nine veterinary lantern slide teaching sets were developed and distributed , and lantern slide teaching sets on 21 pathology subjects were added to the loan library of the Medical Illustration Service .
Illustrations were prepared for 11 Department of the Army manuals and one Graphic Training Aid .
Sixteen lantern slide sets were loaned to the Government of India and eight sets were forwarded to the U.S. Embassy , Managua , Nicaragua for the Educational Exchange Program .
The Senate Subcommittee on Reorganization and International Organizations was provided samples of visual aids on first aid and personal health produced by the Medical Illustration Service .
Six fascicles ( 10,000 copies each ) of the `` Atlas Of Tumor Pathology '' were completed during the period of this report .
The American Registry Of Pathology
This consists of 25 individual registries , two of which were added during fiscal years 1959-1960 ( The Registry Of Forensic Pathology and The Testicular Tumor Registry ) .
These registries are sponsored by 18 national medical , dental , and veterinary societies and have as their mission the assembling of selected cases of interest to military medicine and of establishing through the mechanism of follow-up of living patients the natural history of various diseases of military-medical importance .
The American Registry Of Pathology operates as a cooperative enterprise in medical research and education between the Armed Forces Institute of Pathology and the civilian medical profession on a national and international basis , under such conditions as may be agreed upon between the National Research Council and The Surgeons General of the Army , Navy , and Air Force .
The staff utilized the collected material in these registries for numerous lectures to national and international meetings , exhibits , and published studies .
During the period of this report , 37,470 new cases were entered into the various registries .
These were selected carefully and included not only detailed clinical information but adequate pathology of value for research and educational purposes .
In this same period , six new fascicles of the Atlas Of Tumor Pathology were published and distributed to medical centers world-wide .
There were 54,320 copies of fascicles sold and 642 copies distributed free during this period .
Forty-five new Clinico-pathologic Conferences were prepared , bringing the total to 61 available for loan distribution .
Nine new teaching Clinico-pathologic Conference sets were prepared , which makes a total of 70 types of teaching sets for loan .
During this period , 7,827 teaching sets were distributed on loan .
The Clinico-pathologic Conferences have been acknowledged as of great value and in consequent great demand by the small isolated military hospitals .
The demand for teaching sets continues unabated since they provide the means for the military physicians to review the pathology of selected disease processes or organ systems for review of basic sciences and correlation of clinical physiological behavior with structural changes .
The Medical Museum
In fiscal year 1959 , the Medical Museum was moved to Chase Hall , a temporary building on Independence Avenue at Ninth Street , Southwest , and continued to display to the public the achievements of the Armed Forces Medical Services .
During the period of this report , 63 panel exhibits depicting the latest developments in medical research were displayed .
Of the 375 exhibits ( of all types ) shown , 161 were new or refurbished .
Of the 885 specimens newly mounted or refurbished , 254 were prepared for other agencies .
Eighty-five specimens were loaned for study purposes .
An exhibit , `` Macropathology -- An Ancient Art , A New Science '' , was presented at the annual meeting of the American Medical Association .
A three-dimensional exhibit depicting `` A Century Of Naval Medicine '' was formally presented to The Director by George S. Squibb , great-grandson of the founder of E. R. Squibb and Sons , for permanent display in the Museum .
Space was provided for short-time guest medical exhibits , and the Museum collected new accessions of microscopes , medical , surgical , and diagnostic instruments , uniform , and similar items of historical medico-military significance .
During the period , the laboratory rendered centralized macropathological service to qualified requesters .
Specimens were mounted for military installations , governmental agencies , and medical schools .
Three hundred five copies of the Manual Of Macropathological Techniques were distributed .
Thirty-five military and civilian students received laboratory training .
During fiscal years 1959 and 1960 , there were 795,586 visitors to the Museum .
During the period from 1 July 1960 through 31 January 1961 , the Medical Museum was required to move to Temporary Building `` S '' on the Mall from Chase Hall .
Throughout the period and during the movement operation , the Museum continued its functional support of the Armed Forces Institute of Pathology .
Armed Forces Medical Publication Agency
The Armed Forces Medical Publication Agency , established in 1949 , has published , since January 1950 , The United States Armed Forces Medical Journal as a triservice publication to furnish material of professional interest to Medical Department officers of the three military services .
Its supplement , The Medical Technicians Bulletin , supplied similar material to enlisted medical personnel .
These publications replaced the U. S. Naval Medical Bulletin , published continuously from 1907 through 1959 , as well as the Navy's Hospital Corps Quarterly and the Bulletin of the U. S. Army Medical Department , published from 1922 to 1949 .
In addition , their establishment made it unnecessary to begin publication of a contemplated Air Force medical bulletin .
Estimated annual savings resulting from publication of the Journal and Bulletin on a triservice basis , as compared with the cost of producing separate periodicals for each service , were between $65,000 and $70,000 .
Additionally , on the many ships at sea and in the smaller naval stations , the availability of the Journal removed the necessity of subscribing to several additional journals of civilian origin over and above the quantity now authorized , in order to provide any reasonably comparable coverage .
From 1 July 1958 to 30 June 1960 , 24 numbers of the Journal and nine of the Bulletin were published .
Each Journal contained articles of professional and clinical interest , and departments devoted to military medical news , reviews of new books , and other features of interest to officers of the medical services .
The Council on National Defense of the American Medical Association contributed a brief article to each issue entitled , `` This Is Your A.M.A. '' .
Beginning with the October 1959 issue of the Journal , the method of production of copy for photo-offset reproduction was changed from varityping to hot typesetting .
This resulted in an improved appearance , but was followed by an increase in printing cost that necessitated the institution of major economies to keep within the total of allocated funds .
The use of 100 instead of 140 substance paper plus the adoption of side stapling beginning with the May 1960 issue reduced costs sufficiently to allow completion of the fiscal year with nearly $4,000 in unexpended funds .
Two special issues were published , one for November 1959 on Space Medicine , the other the Tenth Anniversary issue for January 1960 .
The February 1960 issue marked the reinstitution of the section entitled , `` The Medical Officer Writes '' .
Replacing the discontinued Medical Technicians Bulletin , publication of which was suspended with the November-December 1959 issue , a section called `` Technical Notes '' was inaugurated on a bimonthly basis beginning with the April 1960 issue .
Occasional features were published on historical medicine , special reports , bibliography , and `` Collector's Items '' .
In May 1960 , the Armed Forces Institute of Pathology began a series of articles on the `` Medical Museum '' , and in June , the Institute started contributing a regular monthly `` Case For Diagnosis '' .
The Institute also planned to furnish a regular series of articles , beginning in the fall of 1960 , on its more significant Scientific Exhibits .
The Armed Forces Epidemiological Board agreed to submit each month a report for one of its 12 commissions , so that each commission will report once a year on some phase of its work calculated to be of particular interest and value to medical officers of the Armed Forces .
The first report in this continuing series appeared in the September 1960 issue of the Journal .
Another recent achievement was the successful development of a method for the complete combustion in a bomb calorimeter of a metal in fluorine when the product is relatively non-volatile .
This work gave a heat of formation of aluminum fluoride which closely substantiates a value which had been determined by a less direct method , and raises this property to 15 percent above that accepted a few years ago .
Similar measurements are being initiated to resolve a large discrepancy in the heat of formation of another important combustion product , beryllium fluoride .
The development and testing of new apparatus to measure other properties is nearing completion .
In one of these , an exploding-wire device to study systems thermodynamically up to 6,000 Af and 100 atmospheres pressure , a major goal was achieved .
The accuracy of measuring the total electrical energy entering an exploding wire during a few microseconds was verified when two independent types of comparison with the heat energy produced had an uncertainty of less than 2 percent .
This agreement is considered very good for such short time intervals .
The method of calibration employs a fixed resistance element as a calorimeter .
The element is inserted in the discharge circuit in place of the exploding wire , and the calorimetric heating of the element is measured with high accuracy .
This is used as a reference for comparing the ohmic heating and the electrical energy obtained from the measured current through the element and the measured voltage across the element .
A high-speed shutter has been developed in order to permit photographic observation of any portion of the electrical wire explosion .
The shutter consists of two parts : a fast-opening part and a fast-closing part .
Using Edgerton's method , the fast-closing action is obtained from the blackening of a window by exploding a series of parallel lead wires .
The fast-opening of the shutter consists of a piece of aluminum foil ( approximately Af ) placed directly in front of the camera lens so that no light may pass into the camera .
The opening action is obtained when a capacitor , charged to high voltage , is suddenly discharged through the foil .
During the discharge the magnetic forces set up by the passage of current cause the edges of the foil to roll inward toward its center line , thus allowing light to pass into the camera .
Experiments have shown that the shutter is 75 percent open in about 60-80 microseconds .
The shutter aperture may be made larger or smaller by changing the foil area and adjusting the electrical energy input to the foil .
Laboratory measurements of interstellar radio spectra .
Besides the well-known hydrogen line at 21 cm wavelength , the spectra of extraterrestrial radio sources may contain sharp lines characteristic of other atoms , ions , and small molecules .
The detection and study of such line spectra would add considerably to present information on interstellar gas clouds and , perhaps , planetary atmospheres .
Among the most likely producers of detectable radio line spectra are the light diatomic hydrides OH and CH ; ;
somewhat less likely sources are the heavier hydrides SH , SiH , and Aj .
Very small concentrations of these hydrides should be detectable ; ;
in interstellar gas , concentrations as low as Af molecules per Af may be sufficient , as compared to the Af hydrogen atom's Af required for detection of the 21-cm line .
High sensitivity in radio telescopes is achieved by reducing the bandwidth of the receiver ; ;
therefore , only with precise foreknowledge of the line frequencies is an astronomical search for the radio spectra of these molecules feasible .
To secure precise measurements of these frequencies , a research program in free radical microwave spectroscopy has been started .
Since conventional methods are insensitive at the low frequencies of these molecular transitions , the paramagnetic resonance method is being used instead .
This involves the application of a strong magnetic field to the radical vapor , which shifts the low-frequency spectra to a conveniently high microwave range , where they may be measured with optimum sensitivity .
The first diatomic hydride investigated by the paramagnetic resonance method was the OH radical .
Results of this experiment include the frequencies of the two strong spectral lines by which OH may be identified in interstellar gas ; ;
the frequencies are 1665.32 and 1667.36 Af , with an uncertainty of 0.10 Af .
Success in observing these spectral lines has so far , apparently , been confined to the laboratory ; ;
extraterrestrial observations have yet to be reported .
Preparations are being made for similar experiments on CH and SH radicals .
Low temperature thermometry .
The Bureau is pursuing an active program to provide a temperature scale and thermometer calibration services in the range 1.5 to 20 Af .
The efforts and accomplishments fall into three main categories : absolute thermometry based upon the velocity of sound in helium gas , secondary thermometry involving principally studies of the behavior of germanium resistors , and helium-4 vapor-pressure measurements ( see p. 144 ) .
Acoustical interferometer .
An acoustical interferometer has been constructed and used , with helium gas as the thermometric fluid , to measure temperatures near 4.2 and 2.1 Af .
Such an interferometer provides a means of absolute temperature measurement , and may be used as an alternative to the gas thermometer .
When values of temperature derived with this instrument were compared with the accepted values associated with liquid helium-4 vapor pressures , differences of about 10 and 7 millidegrees respectively were found .
This result is preliminary , and work is continuing .
Resistance thermometers .
Carbon resistors and impurity-doped germanium resistors have been investigated for use as precision secondary thermometers in the liquid helium temperature region .
Several germanium resistors have been thermally cycled from 300 to 4.2 Af and their resistances have been found to be reproducible within 1/3 millidegree when temperatures were derived from a vapor pressure thermometer whose tubing is jacketed through most of the liquid helium .
Preliminary calibrations of the resistors have been made from 4.21 to 2.16 Af at every 0.1 Af .
The estimated standard deviations of the data for two of the resistors were 1 millidegree ; ;
and for the third resistor , 3.3 millidegrees .
Vapor pressure method .
The reproducibilities of helium vapor-pressure thermometers have been investigated in conjunction with a `` constant temperature '' liquid helium bath from 4.2 to 1.8 Af .
Surface temperature gradients have been found to exist in liquid helium baths contained in 15- and 25-liter metallic storage dewars .
The gradient was about one half of a millidegree at 4.2 Af but increased to several millidegrees for bath temperatures slightly greater than the **yl point .
A hydrostatic head correction has been neither necessary nor applicable in the determination of vapor pressures or temperatures for the bulk liquid helium .
However , the surface temperature gradient can produce erroneous vapor-pressure measurements for the bulk liquid helium unless precautions are taken to isolate the tube ( which passes through the surface to the vapor pressure bulb ) from the liquid helium surface .
It has also been observed , in helium 2 , that large discrepancies can exist between surface vapor pressures and those pressures measured by a vapor pressure thermometer .
This has been attributed to helium film flow in the vapor pressure thermometer .
In this case also the design of the thermometer can be modified to reduce the helium film flow .
Pressure transducer for pvt measurements .
Precise pressure-volume-temperature measurements on corrosive gases are dependent on a sensitive yet rugged pressure transducer .
A prototype which fulfills the requirements was developed and thoroughly tested .
The transducer is a null-type instrument and employs a stretched diaphragm , 0.001 in. thick and 1 in. in diameter .
ter is occupied .
Food , medical supplies , utensils , and equipment , if not already stored in the shelter , must be quickly gathered up and carried into it .
After the family has settled in the shelter , the housekeeping rules should be spelled out by the adult in charge .
Sanitation in the confines of the family shelter will require much thought and planning .
Provision for emergency toilet facilities and disposal of human wastes will be an unfamiliar problem .
A covered container such as a kitchen garbage pail might do as a toilet .
A 10-gallon garbage can , with a tightly fitting cover , could be used to keep the wastes until it is safe to leave the shelter .
Water rationing will be difficult and should be planned carefully .
A portable electric heater is advisable for shelters in cold climates .
It would take the chill from the shelter in the beginning .
Even if the electric power fails after an attack , any time that the heater has been used will make the shelter that much more comfortable .
Body heat in the close quarters will help keep up the temperature .
Warm clothing and bedding , of course , are essential .
Open-flame heating or cooking should be avoided .
A flame would use up air .
Some families already have held weekend rehearsals in their home shelters to learn the problems and to determine for themselves what supplies they would need .
4 .
If an attack finds you without a prepared shelter
Few areas , if any , are as good as prepared shelters but they are worth knowing about .
A family dwelling without a basement provides some natural shielding from fallout radiation .
On the ground floor the radiation would be about half what it is outside .
The best protection would be on the ground floor in the central part of the house .
A belowground basement can cut the fallout radiation to one-tenth of the outside level .
The safest place is the basement corner least exposed to windows and deepest below ground .
If there is time after the warning , the basement shielding could be improved substantially by blocking windows with bricks , dirt , books , magazines , or other heavy material .
5 .
Shelter in apartment buildings
Large apartment buildings of masonry or concrete provide better natural shelter than the usual family dwellings .
In general , such apartments afford more protection than smaller buildings because their walls are thick and there is more space .
The central area of the ground floor of a heavily constructed apartment building , with concrete floors , should provide more fallout protection than the ordinary basement of a family dwelling .
The basement of such an apartment building may provide as much natural protection as the specially constructed concrete block shelter recommended for the basement of a family dwelling .
The Federal Government is aiding local governments in several places to survey residential , commercial and industrial buildings to determine what fallout protection they would provide , and for how many people .
The problem for the city apartment dweller is primarily to plan the use of existing space .
Such planning will require the cooperation of other occupants and of the apartment management .
A former Du Pont official became a General Motors vice president and set about maximizing Du Pont's share of the General Motors market .
Lines of communications were established between the two companies and several Du Pont products were actively promoted .
Within a few years various Du Pont manufactured items were filling the entire requirements of from four to seven of General Motors' eight operating divisions .
The Fisher Body division , long controlled by the Fisher brothers under a voting trust even though General Motors owned a majority of its stock , followed an independent course for many years , but by 1947 and 1948 `` resistance had collapsed '' and its purchases from Du Pont `` compared favorably '' with purchases by other General Motors divisions .
Competitors came to receive higher percentage of General Motors business in later years , but it is `` likely '' that this trend stemmed `` at least in part '' from the needs of General Motors outstripping Du Pont's capacity .
``
The fact that sticks out in this voluminous record is that the bulk of Du Pont's production has always supplied the largest part of the requirements of the one customer in the automobile industry connected to Du Pont by a stock interest .
The inference is overwhelming that Du Pont's commanding position was promoted by its stock interest and was not gained solely on competitive merit '' .
353 U. S. , at 605 .
This Court agreed with the trial court `` that considerations of price , quality and service were not overlooked by either Du Pont or General Motors '' .
353 U. S. , at 606 .
However , it determined that neither this factor , nor `` the fact that all concerned in high executive posts in both companies acted honorably and fairly , each in the honest conviction that his actions were in the best interests of his own company and without any design to overreach anyone , including Du Pont's competitors '' , outweighed the Government's claim for relief .
This claim , as submitted to the District Court and dismissed by it , 126 F.Supp.235 , alleged violation not only of 7 of the Clayton Act , but also of 1 and 2 of the Sherman Act .
The latter provisions proscribe any contract , combination , or conspiracy in restraint of interstate or foreign trade , and monopolization of , or attempts , combinations , or conspiracies to monopolize , such trade .
However , this Court put to one side without consideration the Government's appeal from the dismissal of its Sherman Act allegations .
It rested its decision solely on 7 , which reads in pertinent part : ``
No corporation engaged in commerce shall acquire , directly or indirectly , the whole or any part of the stock or other share capital of another corporation engaged also in commerce , where the effect of such acquisition may be to substantially lessen competition between the corporation whose stock is so acquired and the corporation making the acquisition , or to restrain such commerce in any section or community , or tend to create a monopoly of any line of commerce .
This section shall not apply to corporations purchasing such stock solely for investment and not using the same by voting or otherwise to bring about , or in attempting to bring about , the substantial lessening of competition .
''
The purpose of this provision was thus explained in the Court's opinion : ``
Section 7 is designed to arrest in its incipiency not only the substantial lessening of competition from the acquisition by one corporation of the whole or any part of the stock of a competing corporation , but also to arrest in their incipiency restraints or monopolies in a relevant market which , as a reasonable probability , appear at the time of suit likely to result from the acquisition by one corporation of all or any part of the stock of any other corporation .
The section is violated whether or not actual restraints or monopolies , or the substantial lessening of competition , have occurred or are intended .
'' 353 U. S. , at 589 .
Thus , a finding of conspiracy to restrain trade or attempt to monopolize was excluded from the Court's decision .
Indeed , as already noted , the Court proceeded on the assumption that the executives involved in the dealings between Du Pont and General Motors acted `` honorably and fairly '' and exercised their business judgment only to serve what they deemed the best interests of their own companies .
This , however , did not bar finding that Du Pont had become pre-eminent as a supplier of automotive fabrics and finishes to General Motors ; ;
that these products constituted a `` line of commerce '' within the meaning of the Clayton Act ; ;
that General Motors' share of the market for these products was substantial ; ;
and that competition for this share of the market was endangered by the financial relationship between the two concerns : ``
The statutory policy of fostering free competition is obviously furthered when no supplier has an advantage over his competitors from an acquisition of his customer's stock likely to have the effects condemned by the statute .
We repeat , that the test of a violation of 7 is whether , at the time of suit , there is a reasonable probability that the acquisition is likely to result in the condemned restraints .
The conclusion upon this record is inescapable that such likelihood was proved as to this acquisition .
'' 353 U. S. , at 607 .
On the basis of the findings which led to this conclusion , the Court remanded the case to the District Court to determine the appropriate relief .
The sole guidance given the Court for discharging the task committed to it was this : ``
The judgment must therefore be reversed and the cause remanded to the District Court for a determination , after further hearing , of the equitable relief necessary and appropriate in the public interest to eliminate the effects of the acquisition offensive to the statute .
The District Courts , in the framing of equitable decrees , are clothed ' with large discretion to model their judgements to fit the exigencies of the particular case .
International Salt Co. v. United States , 332 U. S. 392 , 400-401 '' .
353 U. S. , at 607-608 .
This brings us to the course of the proceedings in the District Court .
2 .
This Court's judgment was filed in the District Court on July 18 , 1957 .
The first pretrial conference -- held to appoint amici curiae to represent the interest of the stockholders of Du Pont and General Motors and to consider the procedure to be followed in the subsequent hearings -- took place on September 25 , 1957 .
At the outset , the Government's spokesman explained that counsel for the Government and for Du Pont had already held preliminary discussions with a view to arriving at a relief plan that both sides could recommend to the court .
Du Pont , he said , had proposed disenfranchisement of its General Motors stock along with other restrictions on the Du Pont - General Motors relationship .
The Government , deeming these suggestions inadequate , had urged that any judgment include divestiture of Du Pont's shares of General Motors .
Counsel for the Government invited Du Pont's views on this proposal before recommending a specific program , but stated that if the court desired , or if counsel for Du Pont thought further discussion would not be profitable , the Government was prepared to submit a plan within thirty days .
Counsel for Du Pont indicated a preference for the submission of detailed plans by both sides at an early date .
No previous antitrust case , he said , had involved interests of such magnitude or presented such complex problems of relief .
The submission of detailed plans would place the issues before the court more readily than would discussion of divestiture or disenfranchisement in the abstract .
The Court adopted this procedure with an appropriate time schedule for carrying it out .
The Government submitted its proposed decree on October 25 , 1957 .
The plan called for divestiture by Du Pont of its 63,000,000 shares of General Motors stock by equal annual distributions to its stockholders , as a dividend , over a period of ten years .
Christiana Securities Company and Delaware Realty & Investment Company , major stockholders in Du Pont , and the stockholders of Delaware were dealt with specially by provisions requiring the annual sale by a trustee , again over a ten-year period , of Du Pont's General Motors stock allocable to them , as well as any General Motors stock which Christiana and Delaware owned outright .
If , in the trustee's judgment , `` reasonable market conditions '' did not prevail during any given year , he was to be allowed to petition the court for an extension of time within the ten-year period .
In addition , the right to vote the General Motors stock held by Du Pont was to be vested in Du Pont's stockholders , other than Christiana and Delaware and the stockholders of Delaware ; ;
Du Pont , Christiana , and Delaware were to be enjoined from acquiring stock in or exercising control over General Motors ; ;
Du Pont , Christiana , and Delaware were to be prohibited to have any director or officer in common with General Motors , and vice versa ; ;
and General Motors and Du Pont were to be ordered to terminate any agreement that provided for the purchase by General Motors of any specified percentage of its requirements of any Du Pont manufactured product , or for the grant of exclusive patent rights , or for a grant by General Motors to Du Pont of a preferential right to make or sell any chemical discovery of General Motors , or for the maintenance of any joint commercial enterprise by the two companies .
On motion of the Amici Curiae , the court directed that a ruling be obtained from the Commissioner of Internal Revenue as to the federal income tax consequences of the Government's plan .
On May 9 , 1958 , the Commissioner announced his rulings .
The annual dividends paid to Du Pont stockholders in shares of General Motors stock would be taxable as ordinary income to the extent of Du Pont's earnings and profits .
The measure , for federal income tax purposes , of the dividend to individual stockholders would be the fair market value of the shares at the time of each annual distribution .
In the case of taxpaying corporate stockholders , the measure would be the lesser of the fair market value of the shares or Du Pont's tax basis for them , which is approximately $2.09 per share .
The forced sale of the General Motors stock owned by or allocable to Christiana , Delaware , and the stockholders of Delaware , and deposited with the trustee , would result in a tax to those parties at the capital gains rate .
Du Pont's counterproposal was filed on May 14 , 1958 .
Under its plan Du Pont would retain its General Motors shares but be required to pass on to its stockholders the right to vote those shares .
Christiana and Delaware would , in turn , be required to pass on the voting rights to the General Motors shares allocable to them to their own stockholders .
Du Pont would be enjoined from having as a director , officer , or employee anyone who was simultaneously an officer or employee of General Motors , and no director , officer , or employee of Du Pont could serve as a director of General Motors without court approval .
Du Pont would be denied the right to acquire any additional General Motors stock except through General Motors' distributions of stock or subscription rights to its stockholders .
On June 6 , 1958 , General Motors submitted its objections to the Government's proposal .
It argued , inter alia , that a divestiture order would severely depress the market value of the stock of both General Motors and Du Pont , with consequent serious loss and hardship to hundreds of thousands of innocent investors , among them thousands of small trusts and charitable institutions ; ;
that there would be a similar decline in the market values of other automotive and chemical stocks , with similar losses to the stockholders of those companies ; ;
that the tremendous volume of General Motors stock hanging over the market for ten years would hamper the efforts of General Motors and other automobile manufacturers to raise equity capital ; ;
and that all this would have a serious adverse effect on the entire stock market and on general business activity .
General Motors comprehensively contended that the Government plan would not be `` in the public interest '' as required by the mandate of this Court .
The decrees proposed by the amici curiae were filed in August of 1958 .
These plans , like Du Pont's , contained provisions for passing the vote on Du Pont's General Motors shares on to the ultimate stockholders of Du Pont , Christiana , and Delaware , except that officers and directors of the three companies , their spouses , and other people living in their households , as well as other specified persons , were to be totally disenfranchised .
Both plans also prohibited common directors , officers , or employees between Du Pont , Christiana , and Delaware , on the one hand , and General Motors on the other .
It is not a medieval mental quirk or an attitude `` unnourished by sense '' to believe that husbands and wives should not be subjected to such a risk , or that such a possibility should not be permitted to endanger the confidentiality of the marriage relationship .
While it is easy enough to ridicule Hawkins' pronouncement in Pleas Of The Crown from a metaphysical point of view , the concept of the `` oneness '' of a married couple may reflect an abiding belief that the communion between husband and wife is such that their actions are not always to be regarded by the criminal law as if there were no marriage .
By making inroads in the name of law enforcement into the protection which Congress has afforded to the marriage relationship , the Court today continues in the path charted by the recent decision in Wyatt v. United States , 362 U.S. 525 , where the Court held that , under the circumstances of that case , a wife could be compelled to testify against her husband over her objection .
One need not waver in his belief in virile law enforcement to insist that there are other things in American life which are also of great importance , and to which even law enforcement must accommodate itself .
One of these is the solidarity and the confidential relationship of marriage .
The Court's opinion dogmatically asserts that the husband-wife conspiracy doctrine does not in fact protect this relationship , and that hence the doctrine `` enthrones an unreality into a rule of law '' .
I am not easily persuaded that a rule accepted by so many people for so many centuries can be so lightly dismissed .
But in any event , I submit that the power to depose belongs to Congress , not to this Court .
I dissent .
Petitioner , who claims to be a conscientious objector , was convicted of violating 12a of the Universal Military Training and Service Act by refusing to be inducted into the armed forces .
He claims that he was denied due process of law in violation of the Fifth Amendment , because ( 1 ) at a hearing before a hearing officer of the Department of Justice , he was not permitted to rebut statements attributed to him by the local board , and ( 2 ) at the trial , he was denied the right to have the hearing officer's report and the original report of the Federal Bureau of Investigation as to his claim .
Held : On the record in this case , the administrative procedures prescribed by the Act were fully complied with ; ;
petitioner was not denied due process ; ;
and his conviction is sustained .
Pp. 60-66 .
( A )
Petitioner was not denied due process in the administrative proceedings , because the statement in question was in his file , to which he had access , and he had opportunities to rebut it both before the hearing officer of the Department of Justice and before the appeal board .
Pp. 62-63 .
( B )
Petitioner was not entitled to have the hearing officer's notes and report , especially since he failed to show any particular need for them and he did have a copy of the Department of Justice's recommendation to the appeal board .
Pp. 63-64 .
( C )
Petitioner was not entitled , either in the administrative hearing at the Department of Justice or at his trial , to inspect the original report of the Federal Bureau of Investigation , since he was furnished a resume of it , did not challenge its accuracy , and showed no particular need for the original report .
Pp. 64-66 .
Haydn C. Covington argued the cause and filed a brief for petitioner .
Daniel M. Friedman argued the cause for the United States .
On the brief were Solicitor General Rankin , Assistant Attorney General Wilkey , Beatrice Rosenberg and J. F. Bishop .
Mr. Justice Clark delivered the opinion of the Court .
This is a prosecution for refusal to be inducted into the armed services , in violation of the provisions of the Universal Military Training and Service Act , 62 Stat. 604,622 , 50 , U.S.C. App. Aj 462 ( A ) .
Petitioner , who claims to be a conscientious objector , contends that he was denied due process , both in the proceedings before a hearing officer of the Department of Justice and at trial .
He says that he was not permitted to rebut before the hearing officer statements attributed to him by the local board , and , further , that he was denied at trial the right to have the Department of Justice hearing officer's report and the original report of the Federal Bureau of Investigation as to his claim -- all in violation of the Fifth Amendment .
The trial judge decided that the administrative procedures of the Act were fully complied with and refused to require the production of such documents .
Petitioner was found guilty and sentenced to 15 months' imprisonment .
The Court of Appeals affirmed .
269 F. 2d 613 .
We granted certiorari in view of the importance of the questions in the administration of the Act .
361 U. S. 899 .
We have concluded that petitioner's claims are controlled by the rationale of Gonzales v. United States , 348 U.S. 407 ( 1955 ) , and United States v. Nugent , 346 U.S. 1 ( 1953 ) , and therefore affirm the judgment .
Petitioner registered with Local Board No. 9 , Boulder , Colorado , on March 17 , 1952 .
His answers to the classification questionnaire reflected that he was a minister of Jehovah's Witnesses , employed at night by a sugar producer .
He claimed 4-d classification as a minister of religion , devoting a minimum of 100 hours a month to preaching .
On November 13 , 1952 , he was classified in Class 1-a .
On November 22 , 1952 , he wrote the Board , protesting this classification .
He again stated that he was `` a regular minister '' ; ;
that he was `` devoting an average of 100 hours a month to actual preaching publicly '' , in addition to 50 to 75 hours in other ministerial duties , and that he opposed war in any form .
Thereafter he was classified 1-o .
On April 1 , 1953 , after some six months of full-time `` pioneering '' , petitioner discontinued devoting 100 hours a month to preaching , but failed to so notify his local board .
In a periodic review , the local board on July 30 , 1953 , reclassified him 1-a and upheld this classification after a personal appearance by petitioner , because of his willingness to kill in defense of his church and home .
Upon administrative approval of the reclassification , he was ordered to report for induction on June 11 , 1956 , but failed to do so .
He was not prosecuted , however , and his case was subsequently reopened , in the light of Sicurella v. United States , 348 U.S. 385 ( 1955 ) .
He was again reclassified 1-a by the local board .
There followed a customary Department of Justice hearing , at which petitioner appeared .
In his report to the Attorney General , the hearing officer suggested that the petitioner be exempt only from combatant training and service .
On March 21 , 1957 , however , the Department recommended approval of the 1-a classification .
Its ground for this recommendation was that , while petitioner claimed before the local board August 17 , 1956 ( as evidenced by its memorandum in his file of that date ) , that he was devoting 100 hours per month to actual preaching , the headquarters of the Jehovah's Witnesses reported that he was no longer doing so and , on the contrary , had relinquished both his Pioneer and Bible Student Servant positions .
It reported that he now devoted only some 6-1/2 hours per month to public preaching and from 20 to 25 hours per month to church activities .
His claim was therefore `` so highly exaggerated '' , the Department concluded , that it `` cast doubt upon his veracity and , consequently , upon his sincerity and good faith '' .
The appeal board furnished petitioner a copy of the recommendation .
In his answer thereto , he advised the Board that he had made no such statement in 1956 , and asserted that his only claim to `` pioneering '' was in 1952 .
The appeal board , however , unanimously concurred in the Department's recommendation .
Upon return of the file to the local board , petitioner was again ordered to report for induction and this prosecution followed his failure to do so .
Petitioner first contends that the Department denied him procedural due process by not giving him timely opportunity , before its final recommendation to the appeal board , to answer the statement of the local board as to his claim of devoting 100 hours to actual preaching .
But the statement of the local board attributing this claim to petitioner was in his file .
He admitted that he knew it was open to him at all times , and he could have rebutted it before the hearing officer .
This he failed to do , asserting that he did not know it to be in his file .
Apparently he never took the trouble to find out .
Nevertheless he had ample opportunity to contest the statement before the appeal board .
After the recommendation of the Department is forwarded to the appeal board , that is the appropriate place for a registrant to lodge his denial .
This he did .
We found in Gonzales v. United States , supra , that this was the controlling reason why copies of the recommendation should be furnished a registrant .
We said there that it was necessary `` that a registrant be given an opportunity to rebut ( the Department's ) recommendation when it comes to the Appeal Board , the agency with the ultimate responsibility for classification '' .
348 U.S. , at 412 .
We fail to see how such procedure resulted in any prejudice to petitioner's contention , which was considered by the appeal board and denied by it .
As was said in Gonzales , `` it is the Appeal Board which renders the selective service determination considered ' final ' in the courts , not to be overturned unless there is no basis in fact .
Estep v. United States , 327 U.S. 114 '' .
348 U. S. , at 412-413 .
But there are other contentions which might be considered more difficult .
At his trial , petitioner sought to secure through subpoena duces tecum the longhand notes of the Department's hearing officer , Evensen , as well as his report thereon .
Petitioner also claimed at trial the right to inspect the original Federal Bureau of Investigation reports to the Department of Justice .
He alleged no specific procedural errors or evidence withheld ; ;
nor did he elaborate just what favorable evidence the Federal Bureau of Investigation reports might disclose .
Section 6(j) of the Act , as we have held , does require the Department's recommendation to be placed in a registrant's file .
Gonzales v. United States , supra .
But there is nothing in the Act requiring the hearing officer's report to be likewise turned over to the registrant .
While the regulations formerly required that the hearing officer's report be placed in the registrant's file , this requirement was eliminated in 1952 .
Moreover , the hearing officer's report is but intradepartmental , is directed to the Attorney General and , of course , is not the recommendation of the Department .
It is not essentially different from a memorandum of an attorney in the Department of Justice , of which the Attorney General receives many , and to which he may give his approval or rejection .
It is but part of the whole process within the Department that goes into the making of the final recommendation to the appeal board .
It is also significant that neither this report nor the hearing officer's notes were furnished to the appeal board .
Hence the petitioner had full opportunity to traverse the only conclusions of the Department on file with the Board .
Petitioner knew that the Department's recommendation was based not on the hearing officer's report but on the statement of the local board in his file .
Having had every opportunity to rebut the finding of the local board before both the hearing officer and the appeal board , petitioner cannot now claim that he was denied due process because he did not succeed .
It appears to us that the same reasoning applies to the production of the hearing officer's report and notes at the trial .
In addition , petitioner has failed to show any particular need for the report and notes .
While there are now allegations of the withholding of `` favorable evidence developed at the hearing '' and a denial of a `` full and fair hearing '' , no such claim was made by petitioner at any stage of the administrative process .
Moreover , his testimony at trial never developed any such facts .
In the light of these circumstances , as well as the fact that the issue at trial in this respect centered entirely on the Department's recommendation , which petitioner repudiated but which both the appeal board and the courts below found supported by the record , we find no relevancy in the hearing officer's report and notes .
Finally petitioner says that he was entitled to inspect the FBI report during the proceedings before the hearing officer as well as at the trial .
He did receive a resume of it -- the same that was furnished the appeal board -- and he made no claim of its inaccuracy .
Even now no such claim is asserted .
He bases his present contention on the general right to explore , indicating that he hopes to find some discrepancy in the resume .
But this is fully answered by United States v. Nugent , supra .
There we held `` that the statutory scheme for review , within the selective service system , entitles [ conscientious objectors ] to no guarantee that the FBI reports must be produced for their inspection '' .
346 U.S. , at 5-6 .
Even if we were not bound by Nugent , petitioner here would not be entitled to the report .
The recommendation of the Department -- as well as the decision of the appeal board -- was based entirely on the local board file , not on an FBI report .
Foreign policy in its total context
With this enlarged role in mind , I should like to make a few suggestions : What we in the United States do or do not do will make a very large difference in what happens in the rest of the world .
We in this Department must think about foreign policy in its total context .
We cannot regard foreign policy as something left over after defense policy or trade policy or fiscal policy has been extracted .
Foreign policy is the total involvement of the American people with peoples and governments abroad .
That means that , if we are to achieve a new standard of leadership , we must think in terms of the total context of our situation .
It is the concern of the Department of State that the American people are safe and secure -- defense is not a monopoly concern of the Department of Defense .
It is also the concern of the Department of State that our trading relationships with the rest of the world are vigorous , profitable , and active -- this is not just a passing interest or a matter of concern only to the Department of Commerce .
We can no longer rely on interdepartmental machinery `` somewhere upstairs '' to resolve differences between this and other departments .
Assistant Secretaries of State will now carry an increased burden of active formulation and coordination of policies .
Means must be found to enable us to keep in touch as regularly and as efficiently as possible with our colleagues in other departments concerned with foreign policy .
I think we need to concern ourselves also with the timeliness of action .
Every policy officer cannot help but be a planning officer .
Unless we keep our eyes on the horizon ahead , we shall fail to bring ourselves on target with the present .
The movement of events is so fast , the pace so severe , that an attempt to peer into the future is essential if we are to think accurately about the present .
If there is anything which we can do in the executive branch of the Government to speed up the processes by which we come to decisions on matters on which we must act promptly , that in itself would be a major contribution to the conduct of our affairs .
Action taken today is often far more valuable than action taken several months later in response to a situation then out of control .
There will of course be times for delay and inaction .
What I am suggesting is that when we delay , or when we fail to act , we do so intentionally and not through inadvertence or through bureaucratic or procedural difficulties .
I also hope that we can do something about reducing the infant mortality rate of ideas -- an affliction of all bureaucracies .
We want to stimulate ideas from the bottom to the top of the Department .
We want to make sure that our junior colleagues realize that ideas are welcome , that initiative goes right down to the bottom and goes all the way to the top .
I hope no one expects that only Presidential appointees are looked upon as sources of ideas .
The responsibility for taking the initiative in generating ideas is that of every officer in the Department who has a policy function , regardless of rank .
Further , I would hope that we could pay attention to little things .
While observing the operations of our Government in various parts of the world , I have felt that in many situations where our policies were good we have tended to ignore minor problems which spoiled our main effort .
To cite only a few examples : The wrong man in the wrong position , perhaps even in a junior position abroad , can be a source of great harm to our policy ; ;
the attitudes of a U.N. delegate who experiences difficulty in finding adequate housing in New York City , or of a foreign diplomat in similar circumstances in our Capital , can easily be directed against the United States and all that it stands for .
Dozens of seemingly small matters go wrong all over the world .
Sometimes those who know about them are too far down the line to be able to do anything about them .
I would hope that we could create the recognition in the Department and overseas that those who come across little things going wrong have the responsibility for bringing these to the attention of those who can do something about them .
If the Department of State is to take primary responsibility for foreign policy in Washington , it follows that the ambassador is expected to take charge overseas .
This does not mean in a purely bureaucratic sense but in an active , operational , interested , responsible fashion .
He is expected to know about what is going on among the representatives of other agencies who are stationed in his country .
He is expected to supervise , to encourage , to direct , to assist in any way he can .
If any official operation abroad begins to go wrong , we shall look to the ambassador to find out why and to get suggestions for remedial action .
The problems of a policy officer
It occurred to me that you might be interested in some thoughts which I expressed privately in recent years , in the hope of clearing up a certain confusion in the public mind about what foreign policy is all about and what it means , and of developing a certain compassion for those who are carrying such responsibilities inside Government .
I tried to do so by calling to their attention some of the problems that a senior departmental policy officer faces .
This means practically everybody in this room .
Whether it will strike home for you or not will be for you to determine .
The senior policy officer may be moved to think hard about a problem by any of an infinite variety of stimuli : an idea in his own head , the suggestions of a colleague , a question from the Secretary or the President , a proposal by another department , a communication from a foreign government or an American ambassador abroad , the filing of an item for the agenda of the United Nations or of any other of dozens of international bodies , a news item read at the breakfast table , a question to the President or the Secretary at a news conference , a speech by a Senator or Congressman , an article in a periodical , a resolution from a national organization , a request for assistance from some private American interests abroad , et cetera , ad infinitum .
The policy officer lives with his antennae alerted for the questions which fall within his range of responsibility .
His first thought is about the question itself : Is there a question here for American foreign policy , and , if so , what is it ? ?
For he knows that the first and sometimes most difficult job is to know what the question is -- that when it is accurately identified it sometimes answers itself , and that the way in which it is posed frequently shapes the answer .
Chewing it over with his colleagues and in his own mind , he reaches a tentative identification of the question -- tentative because it may change as he explores it further and because , if no tolerable answer can be found , it may have to be changed into one which can be answered .
Meanwhile he has been thinking about the facts surrounding the problem , facts which he knows can never be complete , and the general background , much of which has already been lost to history .
He is appreciative of the expert help available to him and draws these resources into play , taking care to examine at least some of the raw material which underlies their frequently policy-oriented conclusions .
He knows that he must give the expert his place , but he knows that he must also keep him in it .
He is already beginning to box the compass of alternative lines of action , including doing nothing .
He knows that he is thinking about action in relation to a future which can be perceived but dimly through a merciful fog .
But he takes his bearings from the great guidelines of policy , well-established precedents , the commitments of the United States under international charters and treaties , basic statutes , and well-understood notions of the American people about how we are to conduct ourselves , in policy literature such as country papers and National Security Council papers accumulated in the Department .
He will not be surprised to find that general principles produce conflicting results in the factual situation with which he is confronted .
He must think about which of these principles must take precedence .
He will know that general policy papers written months before may not fit his problem because of crucial changes in circumstance .
He is aware that every moderately important problem merges imperceptibly into every other problem .
He must deal with the question of how to manage a part when it cannot be handled without relation to the whole -- when the whole is too large to grasp .
He must think of others who have a stake in the question and in its answer .
Who should be consulted among his colleagues in the Department or other departments and agencies of the Government ? ?
Which American ambassadors could provide helpful advice ? ?
Are private interests sufficiently involved to be consulted ? ?
What is the probable attitude of other governments , including those less directly involved ? ?
How and at what stage and in what sequence are other governments to be consulted ? ?
If action is indicated , what kind of action is relevant to the problem ? ?
The selection of the wrong tools can mean waste , at best , and at worst an unwanted inflammation of the problem itself .
Can the President or the Secretary act under existing authority , or will new legislation and new money be required ? ?
Should the action be unilateral or multilateral ? ?
Is the matter one for the United Nations or some other international body ? ?
For , if so , the path leads through a complex process of parliamentary diplomacy which adds still another dimension to the problem .
Respect for the opinions of mankind
What type of action can hope to win public support , first in this country and then abroad ? ?
For the policy officer will know that action can almost never be secret and that in general the effectiveness of policy will be conditioned by the readiness of the country to sustain it .
He is interested in public opinion for two reasons : first , because it is important in itself , and , second , because he knows that the American public cares about a decent respect for the opinions of mankind .
And , given probable public attitudes -- about which reasonably good estimates can be made -- what action is called for to insure necessary support ? ?
May I add a caution on this particular point ? ?
We do not want policy officers below the level of Presidential appointees to concern themselves too much with problems of domestic politics in recommending foreign policy action .
In the first place our business is foreign policy , and it is the business of the Presidential leadership and his appointees in the Department to consider the domestic political aspects of a problem .
Mr. Truman emphasized this point by saying , `` You fellows in the Department of State don't know much about domestic politics '' .
This is an important consideration .
If we sit here reading editorials and looking at public-opinion polls and other reports that cross our desks , we should realize that this is raw , undigested opinion expressed in the absence of leadership .
What the American people will do turns in large degree on their leadership .
We cannot test public opinion until the President and the leaders of the country have gone to the public to explain what is required and have asked them for support for the necessary action .
I doubt , for example , that , 3 months before the leadership began to talk about what came to be the Marshall plan , any public-opinion expert would have said that the country would have accepted such proposals .
The problem in the policy officer's mind thus begins to take shape as a galaxy of utterly complicated factors -- political , military , economic , financial , legal , legislative , procedural , administrative -- to be sorted out and handled within a political system which moves by consent in relation to an external environment which cannot be under control .
And the policy officer has the hounds of time snapping at his heels .
While there should be no general age limit or restriction to one sex , there will be particular projects requiring special maturity and some open only to men or to women .
The Peace Corps should not pay the expenses of a wife or family , unless the wife is also accepted for full-time Peace Corps work on the same project .
There should be no draft exemption because of Peace Corps service .
In most cases service in the Corps will probably be considered a ground for temporary deferment .
Peace Corps volunteers obviously should not be paid what they might earn in comparable activities in the United States .
Nor would it be possible in many cases for them to live in health or any effectiveness on what their counterparts abroad are paid .
The guiding principle indeed should not be anything like compensation for individual services .
Rather the principle should be akin to that of the allowance .
Peace Corps volunteers should be given just enough to provide a minimum decent standard of living .
They should live in modest circumstances , avoiding all conspicuous consumption .
Wherever possible they should live with their host country counterparts .
Some special health requirements might have to be met .
For example , it probably will be necessary for the Corps to have authority to pay medical expenses of volunteers .
Perhaps existing Public Health Service , State Department and Armed Services medical facilities can be utilized .
For readjustment to the U.S. , volunteers should be given some separation allowance at the end of their overseas service , based on the length of time served .
7 .
In what part of the government should the Peace Corps be established ? ?
The idea of a Peace Corps has captured the imagination of a great many people .
Support for it cuts across party , regional , ethnic and other lines .
The Peace Corps , therefore , offers an opportunity to add a new dimension to our approach to the world -- an opportunity for the American people to think anew and start afresh in their participation in world development .
For this , the Peace Corps should be administered by a small , new , alive agency operating as one component in our whole overseas operation .
Pending the reorganization of our foreign aid structure and program , the Peace Corps should be established as an agency in the Department of State .
When the aid operations are reorganized the Peace Corps should remain a semi-autonomous , functional unit .
Meanwhile , the Peace Corps could be physically located in ICA's facilities and depend on the State Department and ICA for administrative support and , when needed , program assistance .
In this way the Peace Corps can be launched with its own identity and spirit and yet receive the necessary assistance from those now responsible for United States foreign policy and our overseas operations .
8 .
How and when should the Peace Corps be launched ? ?
The Peace Corps can either begin in very low gear , with only preparatory work undertaken between now and when Congress finally appropriates special funds for it -- or it can be launched now and in earnest by executive action , with sufficient funds and made available from existing Mutual Security appropriations to permit a number of substantial projects to start this summer .
The Peace Corps should be launched soon so that the opportunity to recruit the most qualified people from this year's graduating classes will not be lost .
Nor should we lose the opportunity to use this summer for training on university campuses .
If launched in a careful but determined way within the next few weeks , the Peace Corps could have several hundred persons in training this summer for placement next fall .
Within a year or two several thousand might be in service .
It can then grow steadily as it proves itself and as the need for it is demonstrated .
9 .
What would the first projects be ? ?
In the first year there should probably be considerable emphasis on teaching projects .
The need here is most clearly felt and our capacity to recruit and train qualified volunteers in a short period of time is greatest .
There would , however , be a variety of other skills -- medical , agricultural , engineering -- which would be called for in the first year through the private agency programs and through the provision of technician helpers to existing development projects .
The first year's projects should also be spread through several countries in Latin America , Africa and Asia .
10 .
How will the Peace Corps be received abroad ? ?
Although the need for outside trained manpower exists in every newly developing nation , the readiness to receive such manpower , or to receive it from the United States will vary from country to country .
A certain skepticism about the coming of Americans is to be expected in many quarters .
Unfriendly political groups will no doubt do everything in their power to promote active hostility .
But there are indications that many developing nations will welcome Peace Corps volunteers , and that if the volunteers are well chosen , they will soon demonstrate their value and make many friends .
It is important , however , that the Peace Corps be advanced not as an arm of the Cold War but as a contribution to the world community .
In presenting it to other governments and to the United Nations , we could propose that every nation consider the formation of its own peace corps and that the United Nations sponsor the idea and form an international coordinating committee .
We should hope that peace corps projects will be truly international and that our citizens will find themselves working alongside citizens of the host country and also volunteers from other lands .
In any case , our Peace Corps personnel should be offered as technician helpers in development projects of the U.N. and other international agencies .
The Peace Corps is not a diplomatic or propaganda venture but a genuine experiment in international partnership .
Our aim must be to learn as much as we teach .
The Peace Corps offers an opportunity to bring home to the United States the problems of the world as well as an opportunity to meet urgent host country needs for trained manpower .
If presented in this spirit , the response and the results will be immeasurably better .
11 .
How will it be financed ? ?
The already appropriated funds within the discretion of the President and Secretary of State under the Mutual Security Act are the only immediately available source of financing this summer's pilot programs of the Peace Corps .
If it is decided to make a small shift which may be required from military aid or special assistance funds , in order to carry out the purposes of the Mutual Security Act through this new peaceful program , this will be a hopeful sign to the world .
Congress should then be asked to give the Peace Corps a firm legislative foundation for the next fiscal year .
Specifically , Congress should consider authorizing the Peace Corps to receive contributions from American businesses , unions , civic organizations and the public at large .
For this must be the project of the whole American people .
An Advisory Council of outstanding public figures with experience in world affairs should be formed to give the program continuing guidance and to afford a focal point for public understanding .
Steps should also be taken to link the Food for Peace Program with the Peace Corps , so that foreign currencies accumulated by the sale of U.S. surplus food under P.L. 480 can be put to use to pay some of the host country expenses of Peace Corps personnel .
The extent to which participating bodies such as U. S. voluntary agencies , universities , international organizations , and the host country or institutions in the host country can and should share the cost of the Peace Corps programs must be fully explored .
12 .
Is it worth the cost and the risks ? ?
No matter how well conceived and efficiently run , there probably will be failures .
These could be costly and have a serious effect both at home and abroad .
But as the popular response suggests , the potentiality of the Peace Corps is very great .
It can contribute to the development of critical countries and regions .
It can promote international cooperation and good will toward this country .
It can also contribute to the education of America and to more intelligent American participation in the world .
With thousands of young Americans going to work in developing areas , millions of Americans will become more directly involved in the world than ever before .
With colleges and universities carrying a large part of the program , and with students looking toward Peace Corps service , there will be an impact on educational curriculum and student seriousness .
The letters home , the talks later given by returning members of the Peace Corps , the influence on the lives of those who spend two or three years in hard work abroad -- all this may combine to provide a substantial popular base for responsible American policies toward the world .
And this is meeting the world's need , too , since what the world most needs from this country is better understanding of the world .
The Peace Corps thus can add a new dimension to America's world policy -- one for which people here and abroad have long been waiting .
As you said in your State of the Union message , `` The problems are towering and unprecedented -- and the response must be towering and unprecedented as well '' .
To the Congress of the United States :
I recommend to the Congress the establishment of a permanent Peace Corps -- a pool of trained American men and women sent overseas by the U.S. Government or through private organizations and institutions to help foreign countries meet their urgent needs for skilled manpower .
I have today signed an Executive Order establishing a Peace Corps on a temporary pilot basis .
The temporary Peace Corps will be a source of information and experience to aid us in formulating more effective plans for a permanent organization .
In addition , by starting the Peace Corps now we will be able to begin training young men and women for overseas duty this summer with the objective of placing them in overseas positions by late fall .
This temporary Peace Corps is being established under existing authority in the Mutual Security Act and will be located in the Department of State .
Its initial expenses will be paid from appropriations currently available for our foreign aid program .
Throughout the world the people of the newly developing nations are struggling for economic and social progress which reflects their deepest desires .
Our own freedom , and the future of freedom around the world , depend , in a very real sense , on their ability to build growing and independent nations where men can live in dignity , liberated from the bonds of hunger , ignorance and poverty .
One of the greatest obstacles to the achievement of this goal is the lack of trained men and women with the skill to teach the young and assist in the operation of development projects -- men and women with the capacity to cope with the demands of swiftly evolving economics , and with the dedication to put that capacity to work in the villages , the mountains , the towns and the factories of dozens of struggling nations .
The vast task of economic development urgently requires skilled people to do the work of the society -- to help teach in the schools , construct development projects , demonstrate modern methods of sanitation in the villages , and perform a hundred other tasks calling for training and advanced knowledge .
To meet this urgent need for skilled manpower we are proposing the establishment of a Peace Corps -- an organization which will recruit and train American volunteers , sending them abroad to work with the people of other nations .
This organization will differ from existing assistance programs in that its members will supplement technical advisers by offering the specific skills needed by developing nations if they are to put technical advice to work .
They will help provide the skilled manpower necessary to carry out the development projects planned by the host governments , acting at a working level and serving at great personal sacrifice .
There is little doubt that the number of those who wish to serve will be far greater than our capacity to absorb them .
Wildlife habitat resources
In 1960 one-quarter of the 92.5 million recreation visits to the National Forests and Grasslands were for the primary purpose of hunting and fishing .
Hunter and fisherman visits since 1949 have increased 8 times faster than the nationwide sale of hunting and fishing licenses .
This use is expected to increase to about 50 million visits by 1972 .
The long-range objective of habitat management is to make it fully productive so as to support fish and game populations to contribute to the need for public use and enjoyment .
The wildlife habitat management proposals for the 10-year period are : 1 .
Revise and complete wildlife habitat management and improvement plans for all administrative units , assuring proper coordination between wildlife habitat management and other resources .
2 .
Inventory and evaluate wildlife habitat resources in cooperation with other Federal agencies and with the States in which National Forests and Grasslands are located , as a basis for orderly development of wildlife habitat improvement and coordination programs , including ( A ) big-game , gamebird , and small-game habitat surveys and investigations on the 186 million acres of National Forests and Grasslands , ( B ) fishery habitat surveys and investigations on the 81,000 miles of National Forest fishing streams and nearly 3 million acres of lakes and impoundments , and ( C ) participation in planning , inspection , and control phases of all habitat improvement , land and water use projects conducted on National Forest lands by States , other Federal agencies , and private groups to assure that projects will benefit wildlife and be in harmony with other resource values .
3 .
Improve food and cover on 1.5 million acres of key wildlife areas .
4 .
Develop wildlife openings , food patches , and game ways in dense vegetation by clearing or controlled burning on 400,000 acres .
5 .
Improve 7,000 miles of fishing streams and 56,000 acres of lakes by stabilizing banks , planting streamside cover , and constructing channel improvements .
Protection
The total adverse impact of disease , insects , fire , weather , destructive animals , and other forces on the uses and values of forest resources is not generally recognized .
They kill and destroy , retard or prevent reproduction and growth , impair and damage values , and disrupt uses .
The loss in growth of sawtimber because of damage by destructive agencies in the United States in 1952 was estimated to be about 44 billion board feet .
If it were not for the effect of destructive agencies , sawtimber growth would have been nearly twice as great as the 47 billion board feet in 1952 .
About 45 percent of the loss in growth was attributable to disease , 20 percent to insects , 17 percent to fire , and 18 percent to weather , animals , and various other causes .
These destructive forces also have a seriously adverse effect upon the watersheds and their life-supporting waterflows , and upon the other renewable forest resources .
The long-range objective is to hold the damage from destructive agencies below the level which would seriously interfere with intensive management of the National Forest System under principles of multiple use and high-level sustained yield of products and services .
This can be accomplished substantially by a continued trend toward better facilities and techniques for fire control and more resources to cope with critical fire periods , and a more intensive application of a program of prevention , detection , and control of insect and disease infestations .
In addition to direct protection measures , more intensive management of timber resources will assist in reduction of losses from insects and disease .
Protection from insects and disease
In the 10-year period , it is proposed that insect and disease control on the National Forest System be stepped up to a level of prevention , detection , and control of insect and disease infestations that will substantially reduce the occurrence of large infestations toward the end of the initial period .
This will require about a 40 percent increase over the present level of protection .
The work will consist of : 1 .
Intensification of present activities through ( A ) quicker , more extensive , and more thorough surveys to detect incipient outbreaks ; ;
( B ) more reliable evaluation of the potential of initial outbreaks to cause widespread damage ; ;
( C ) quicker and more effective control action in the initial stages to prevent a large-scale epidemic .
The initial suppression activities would cover about twice the acreage currently being treated .
2 .
Continuation of present blister rust control work plus extension of control to 250,000 acres not now protected but which should be managed for white pine production .
The objective is to achieve sufficient effectiveness of control on all of the area now under treatment plus the additional acres so that after the initial period only maintenance control will be needed .
3 .
Initiating a program to control dwarf mistletoe on several hundred thousand acres of selected better stands of young softwood sawtimber on better growing sites .
4 .
Coordination of pest control objectives with timber management activities to reduce losses .
Protection from fire
It is proposed that in 10 years all commercial timberlands , all critical watersheds , and other lands in the National Forest System developed or proposed for intensive use will be given protection from fire adequate to meet the fire situation in the worst years and under serious peak loads .
This will include 125 million acres compared with 23 million acres now receiving such protection .
An additional 15 million acres will be given a lesser degree of protection but adequate to meet the average fire situation .
Meeting these levels of protection from fire calls for : 1 .
Expansion , modernization , and development of fire control to a proficiency and strength of force which will prevent as many fires as possible and suppress fires before they spread beyond permitted standards .
This is to be accomplished by nearly doubling the present level of preventive effort , detection , skilled fire-fighting crews , and equipment use .
This will include a stepped-up program of training and development of personnel .
2 .
Adoption and use of new and modern techniques being developed for prevention , for suppression of fires while small , and for stopping large fires while running and burning intensely .
3 .
Reduction of hazardous fuel conditions to minimize the chances of large fires developing and spreading to high-value areas .
This work will cover the most serious one-fourth of all land needing such treatment , and will consist of burning 250,000 acres of highly hazardous debris concentration , felling snags on 350,000 acres of high lightning-occurrence areas , prescribed burning on 3.5 million acres , removing roadside fuel on 39,000 acres , and clearing and maintaining 11,000 miles of firebreaks .
Protection from other damage
Rodent control work for the 10-year period will be aimed at control of the most serious infestations of harmful rodents , such as porcupines and mice , on high-value areas of forage and commercial timberlands .
These areas comprise about half of the total area of rodent infestation on the National Forests .
Approximately 1.8 million acres of rangelands and 9.4 million acres of timberlands would be treated in this period .
Control would be limited to those rodents for which economical means of control are known .
Roads and trails
The transportation system which serves the National Forests is a complex of highways and access roads and trails under various ownerships and jurisdictions .
This system is divided into a forest highway system , administered by the Secretary of Commerce , and a forest development road and trail system , administered by the Secretary of Agriculture .
Both of these systems are essential for the production , development , and use of the National Forests .
In the forest highway system , there are now 24,400 miles of public roads .
These are mostly through highways that carry traffic going from one destination to another .
Because administration of the forest highway system is a responsibility of the Secretary of Commerce with maintenance provided by the States and counties , this Development Program for the National Forests does not include estimates of the funds needed to maintain the forest highway system nor to construct the additions to it that are needed .
It is estimated that about 70,000 miles of forest highways will eventually be needed to fully serve the National Forests .
In the forest development road and trail system , there are now 162,400 miles of roads and 106,500 miles of supplemental foot and horse trails .
These roads are largely of less than highway standards , and usually carry traffic which is related to use of the National Forests .
Construction and maintenance of this system is a responsibility of the Secretary of Agriculture .
It is estimated that about 542,250 miles of forest development roads , and 80,000 miles of trails , constitute the system that will eventually be needed to obtain the maximum practicable yield and use of the wood , water , forage , and wildlife and recreation resources of the National Forests on a continuing basis .
The ultimate trail system will be of value primarily for recreation and wildlife utilization and fire protection .
It will be carefully planned to maintain optimum service to these important resources and watersheds .
The presence or lack of access by road or trail has a direct and controlling influence on all phases of forest management and utilization such as : ( A )
the protection of forage , timber , and wildlife resources from fire , insects , and disease ; ;
( B )
the balanced use of recreation , hunting , and fishing areas ; ;
( C )
the volume of timber that can be marketed , especially for small sales and the support of dependent communities and small business enterprises ; ;
( D )
the level of salvage cutting in dead and dying timber stands and the opportunity to promptly salvage losses resulting from fire , windstorm , insects , and disease ; ;
( E )
the protection of watershed lands from erosion and overgrazing by animals .
The existence of road systems permits an intensity of management and use for all National Forest purposes that is not otherwise possible .
Furthermore , roads that give access to National Forest timber are investments which pay their own way over a period of years .
Use of these roads by the public results in substantial benefits to the localities the roads serve .
The long-range objective of this Department is to provide and maintain a system of forest development roads and trails which will adequately service the National Forest System at the levels needed to meet expected needs and optimum production of products and services .
For the year 2000 this means servicing ( A ) the protection requirements of a watershed producing at least 200 million acre-feet of water each year , ( B ) recreation and wildlife resources used each year by 635 million visitors , ( C ) a timber resource supporting an annual cut of 21 billion board feet , and ( D ) 60 million acres of rangelands .
Service at these levels of production and utilization will eventually require the construction of about 379,900 miles of new roads and 6,000 miles of new trails , along with the reconstruction to higher standards of about 105,000 miles of roads and 10,500 miles of trails .
About 26,500 miles of existing trails will be replaced in service by the construction of new roads .
About 80 percent of these long-range requirements should be met by the year 2000 .
Program proposals for forest development roads and trails for the 10-year period 1963-1972 are as follows : 1 .
Complete the construction and reconstruction of about 79,400 miles of multiple-purpose roads and 8,000 miles of trails .
This constitutes about 17 percent of the long-range requirements for these facilities .
Approximately 40 percent of the value of the work on roads for access to timber which are planned for this period will be constructed by purchasers of National Forest timber , but paid for by the Government through adjustment of stumpage prices .
2 .
Provide maintenance to full standards on the 268,900 miles of existing access roads and trails and on the new roads and trails constructed during the period .
Land adjustment , land purchase , land use
Within the units in the National Forest System the pattern of land ownership is quite irregular .
In some units , National Forest ownership is well blocked together .
In many others , the previous patenting of land under the public land laws , or the way in which land was available for purchase , resulted in a scattered pattern of ownership .
Within exterior boundaries of National Forests and National Grasslands , there are about 40,000,000 acres in non-Federal ownership .
One consequence is the occurrence of occasional conflicts because private owners of some inholdings object to public programs of use on neighboring National Forest or other Federal land , or because such ownerships are developed for uses that are not compatible with use for the public of neighboring National Forest land .
Some privately held inholdings are a source of direct damage to these Federal lands .
And some , which are suitable for tree growing and for other National Forest purposes , are unmanaged or in need of expensive rehabilitation , and are contributing nothing to the economy ; ;
there are no reasonable prospects that these conditions will be corrected or changed .
Lands in this last category are situated largely in the mountainous portions of the Eastern States .
The long-range objective is to bring about consolidation of ownership through use of land exchange authority and through purchase on a moderate scale of inholdings which comprise key tracts for recognized National Forest programs such as recreation development , or which are a source of damage to lands in National Forests and National Grasslands .
Strategy and tactics of the U.S. military forces are now undergoing one of the greatest transitions in history .
The change of emphasis from conventional-type to missile-type warfare must be made with care , mindful that the one type of warfare cannot be safely neglected in favor of the other .
Our military forces must be capable of contending successfully with any contingency which may be forced upon us , from limited emergencies to all-out nuclear general war .
Forces and military personnel strength .
-- This budget will provide in the fiscal year 1961 for the continued support of our forces at approximately the present level -- a year-end strength of 2,489,000 men and women in the active forces .
The forces to be supported include an Army of 14 divisions and 870,000 men ; ;
a Navy of 817 active ships and 619,000 men ; ;
a Marine Corps of 3 divisions and 3 air wings with 175,000 men ; ;
and an Air Force of 91 combat wings and 825,000 men .
If the reserve components are to serve effectively in time of war , their basic organization and objectives must conform to the changing character and missions of the active forces .
Quality and combat readiness must take precedence over mere numbers .
Under modern conditions , this is especially true of the ready reserve .
I have requested the Secretary of Defense to reexamine the roles and missions of the reserve components in relation to those of the active forces and in the light of the changing requirements of modern warfare .
Last year the Congress discontinued its previously imposed minimum personnel strength limitations on the Army Reserve .
Similar restrictions on the strength of the Army National Guard contained in the 1960 Department of Defense Appropriation Act should likewise be dropped .
I strongly recommend to the Congress the avoidance of mandatory floors on the size of the reserve components so that we may have the flexibility to make adjustments in keeping with military necessity .
I again proposed a reduction in the Army National Guard and Army Reserve -- from their present strengths of 400,000 and 300,000 , respectively , to 360,000 and 270,000 by the end of the fiscal year 1961 .
These strengths are considered adequate to meet the essential roles and missions of the reserves in support of our national security objectives .
Military personnel costs .
-- About 30% of the expenditures for the Department of Defense in 1961 are for military personnel costs , including pay for active , reserve , and retired military personnel .
These expenditures are estimated to be $12.1 billion , an increase of $187 million over 1960 , reflecting additional longevity pay of career personnel , more dependents , an increased number of men drawing proficiency pay , and social security tax increases ( effective for the full year in 1961 compared with only 6 months in 1960 ) .
Retired pay costs are increased by $94 million in 1961 over 1960 , partly because of a substantial increase in the number of retired personnel .
These increased costs are partially offset by a decrease of $56 million in expenditures for the reserve forces , largely because of the planned reduction in strength of the Army Reserve components during 1961 .
Traditionally , rates of pay for retired military personnel have been proportionate to current rates of pay for active personnel .
The 1958 military pay act departed from this established formula by providing for a 6% increase rather than a proportionate increase for everyone retired prior to its effective date of June 1 , 1958 .
I endorse pending legislation that will restore the traditional relationship between retired and active duty pay rates .
Operation and maintenance .
-- Expenditures for operating and maintaining the stations and equipment of the Armed Forces are estimated to be $10.3 billion in 1961 , which is $184 million more than in 1960 .
The increase stems largely from the growing complexity of and higher degree of maintenance required for newer weapons and equipment .
A substantial increase is estimated in the cost of operating additional communications systems in the air defense program , as well as in all programs where speed and security of communications are essential .
Also , the program for fleet modernization will be stepped up in 1961 causing an increase in expenditures .
Further increases arise from the civilian employee health program enacted by the Congress last year .
Other factors increasing operating costs include the higher unit cost of each flying hour , up 11% in two years , and of each steaming hour , up 15% .
In total , these increases in operating costs outweigh the savings that result from declining programs and from economy measures , such as reduced numbers of units and installations , smaller inventories of major equipment , and improvements in the supply and distribution systems of the Armed Forces .
In the budget message for 1959 , and again for 1960 , I recommended immediate repeal of section 601 of the Act of September 28 , 1951 ( 65 Stat. 365 ) .
This section prevents the military departments and the Office of Civil and Defense Mobilization from carrying out certain transactions involving real property unless they come into agreement with the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives .
As I have stated previously , the Attorney General has advised me that this section violates fundamental constitutional principles .
Accordingly , if it is not repealed by the Congress at its present session , I shall have no alternative thereafter but to direct the Secretary of Defense to disregard the section unless a court of competent jurisdiction determines otherwise .
Basic long-line communications in Alaska are now provided through Federal facilities operated by the Army , Air Force , and Federal Aviation Agency .
The growing communications needs of this new State can best be met , as they have in other States , through the operation and development of such facilities by private enterprise .
Legislation has already been proposed to authorize the sale of these Government-owned systems in Alaska , and its early enactment is desirable .
Procurement , research , and construction .
-- Approximately 45% of the expenditures for the Department of Defense are for procurement , research , development , and construction programs .
In 1961 , these expenditures are estimated at $18.9 billion , compared to $19.3 billion in 1960 .
The decreases , which are largely in construction and in aircraft procurement , are offset in part by increases for research and development and for procurement of other military equipment such as tanks , vehicles , guns , and electronic devices .
Expenditures for shipbuilding are estimated at about the same level as in 1960 .
New obligational authority for 1961 recommended in this budget for aircraft procurement ( excluding amounts for related research and construction ) totals $4,753 million , which is $1,390 million below that enacted for 1960 .
On the other hand , the new authority of $3,825 million proposed for missile procurement ( excluding research and construction ) in 1961 is $581 million higher than for 1960 .
These contrasting trends in procurement reflect the anticipated changes in the composition and missions of our Armed Forces in the years ahead .
The Department of Defense appropriation acts for the past several years have contained a rider which limits competitive bidding by firms in other countries on certain military supply items .
As I have repeatedly stated , this provision is much more restrictive than the general law , popularly known as the Buy American Act .
I urge once again that the Congress not reenact this rider .
The task of providing a reasonable level of military strength , without endangering other vital aspects of our security , is greatly complicated by the swift pace of scientific progress .
The last few years have witnessed what have been perhaps the most rapid advances in military technology in history .
Some weapons systems have become obsolescent while still in production , and some while still under development .
Furthermore , unexpectedly rapid progress or a technological break-through on any one weapon system , in itself , often diminishes the relative importance of other competitive systems .
This has necessitated a continuous review and reevaluation of the defense program in order to redirect resources to the newer and more important weapons systems and to eliminate or reduce effort on weapons systems which have been overtaken by events .
Thus , in the last few years , a number of programs which looked very promising at the time their development was commenced have since been completely eliminated .
For example , the importance of the Regulus 2 , a very promising aerodynamic ship-to-surface missile designed to be launched by surfaced submarines , was greatly diminished by the successful acceleration of the much more advanced Polaris ballistic missile launched by submerged submarines .
Another example is the recent cancellation of the F-108 , a long-range interceptor with a speed three times as great as the speed of sound , which was designed for use against manned bombers in the period of the mid-1960's .
The substantial progress being made in ballistic missile technology is rapidly shifting the main threat from manned bombers to missiles .
Considering the high cost of the F-108 system -- over $4 billion for the force that had been planned -- and the time period in which it would become operational , it was decided to stop further work on the project .
Meanwhile , other air defense forces are being made effective , as described later in this message .
The size and scope of other important programs have been reduced from earlier plans .
Notable in this category are the Jupiter and Thor intermediate range ballistic missiles , which have been successfully developed , produced , and deployed , but the relative importance of which has diminished with the increasing availability of the Atlas intercontinental ballistic missile .
The impact of technological factors is also illustrated by the history of the high-energy fuel program .
This project was started at a time when there was a critical need for a high-energy fuel to provide an extra margin of range for high performance aircraft , particularly our heavy bombers .
Continuing technical problems involved in the use of this fuel , coupled with significant improvements in aircraft range through other means , have now raised serious questions about the value of the high-energy fuel program .
As a result , the scope of this project has been sharply curtailed .
These examples underscore the importance of even more searching evaluations of new major development programs and even more penetrating and far-ranging analyses of the potentialities of future technology .
The cost of developing a major weapon system is now so enormous that the greatest care must be exercised in selecting new systems for development , in determining the most satisfactory rate of development , and in deciding the proper time at which either to place a system into production or to abandon it .
Strategic forces .
-- The deterrent power of our Armed Forces comes from both their nuclear retaliatory capability and their capability to conduct other essential operations in any form of war .
The first capability is represented by a combination of manned bombers , carrier-based aircraft , and intercontinental and intermediate range missiles .
The second capability is represented by our deployed ground , naval , and air forces in essential forward areas , together with ready reserves capable of effecting early emergency reinforcement .
The Strategic Air Command is the principal element of our long-range nuclear capability .
One of the important and difficult decisions which had to be made in this budget concerned the role of the B-70 , a long-range supersonic bomber .
This aircraft , which was planned for initial operational use about 1965 , would be complementary to but likewise competitive with the four strategic ballistic missile systems , all of which are scheduled to become available earlier .
The first Atlas ICBM's are now operational , the first two Polaris submarines are expected to be operational this calendar year , and the first Titan ICBM's next year .
The Minuteman solid-fueled ICBM is planned to be operational about mid-1963 .
By 1965 , several or all of these systems will have been fully tested and their reliability established .
Thus , the need for the B-70 as a strategic weapon system is doubtful .
However , I am recommending that development work on the B-70 air-frame and engines be continued .
It is expected that in 1963 two prototype aircraft will be available for flight testing .
By that time we should be in a much better position to determine the value of that aircraft as a weapon system .
I am recommending additional acquisitions of the improved version of the B-52 ( the B-52H with the new turbofan engine ) and procurement of the B-58 supersonic medium bomber , together with the supporting refueling tankers in each case .
These additional modern bombers will replace some of the older B-47 medium bombers ; ;
one B-52 can do the work of several B-47's which it will replace .
Funds are also included in this budget to continue the equipping of the B-52 wings with the Hound Dog air-to-surface missile .
In the coming fiscal year additional quantities of Atlas , Titan , and Polaris missiles also will be procured .
Purchase authorizations will include provisions relating to the sale and delivery of commodities , including the classes , types and/or varieties of food grain , the time and circumstances of deposit of the rupees accruing from such sale , and other relevant matters .
3 .
The United States recognizes the desire of India to accumulate , as quickly as possible , a substantial part of the one million ton reserve stock of rice provided for in this Agreement to assist in stabilizing the internal markets for this commodity in India .
Under this Agreement the first annual review of rice availabilities will be made in August 1960 .
At that time consideration will be given to whether in the light of the United States supplies of rice available for Title 1 , disposal , India's production , consumption and stocks of food grains , other imports from the United States and countries friendly to the United States , India's storage capacity , and other related factors , any increase would be possible in the portion of the total rice programmed which is currently planned for procurement during the first year .
4 .
The two Governments agree that the issuance of purchase authorizations for wheat and rice providing for purchase after June 30 , 1961 , shall be dependent upon the determination by the United States Government that these commodities are in surplus supply and available under Title 1 , of the Act at that time .
The United States Government shall have the right to terminate the financing of further sales under this Agreement of any commodity if it determines at any time after June 30 , 1961 , that such action is necessitated by the existence of an international emergency .
Article 2 , uses of rupees
1 .
The two Governments agree that the rupees accruing to the Government of the United States of America as a consequence of sales made pursuant to this Agreement will be used by the Government of the United States of America , in such manner and order of priority as the Government of the United States of America shall determine , for the following purposes in the amounts shown : ( A )
For United States expenditures under subsections ( A ) , ( B ) , ( D ) , ( E ) , ( F ) , ( H ) through ( R ) of Section 104 of the Act or under any of such subsections , the rupee equivalent of $200 million .
( B )
For grant to the Government of India under subsection ( E ) of Section 104 of the Act , the rupee equivalent of not more than $538 million for financing such projects to promote balanced economic development as may from time to time be mutually agreed .
( C )
For loan to the Government of India under subsection ( G ) of Section 104 of the Act , the rupee equivalent of not more than $538 million for financing such projects to promote balanced economic development as may be mutually agreed .
The terms and conditions of the loan and other provisions will be set forth in a separate agreement by the two Governments .
In the event that agreement is not reached on the use of the rupees for grant or loan purposes within six years from the date of this Agreement , the Government of the United States of America may use the local currency for any purposes authorized by Section 104 of the Act .
2 .
In the event the total of rupees accruing to the Government of the United States of America as a consequence of sales made pursuant to this Agreement is different from the rupee equivalent of $1,276 million , the amounts available for the purposes specified in paragraph 1 , Article 2 , will be adjusted proportionately .
Article 3 , deposit of rupees
The deposit of rupees to the account of the Government of the United States of America in payment for the commodities and for ocean transportation costs financed by the Government of the United States of America ( except excess costs resulting from the requirement that United States flag vessels be used ) shall be made at the rate of exchange for United States dollars generally applicable to import transactions ( excluding imports granted a preferential rate ) in effect on the dates of dollar disbursement by United States banks , or by the Government of the United States of America , as provided in the purchase authorizations .
Article 4 , general undertakings
1 .
The Government of India agrees that it will take all possible measures to prevent the resale or transshipment to other countries or the use for other than domestic purposes ( except where such resale , transshipment or use is specifically approved by the Government of the United States of America ) , of the surplus agricultural commodities purchased pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement , and to assure that the purchase of such commodities does not result in increased availability of these or like commodities for export from India .
2 .
The two Governments agree that they will take reasonable precautions to assure that all sales or purchases of surplus agricultural commodities , pursuant to the Agreement will not displace usual marketings of the United States of America in these commodities , or unduly disrupt world prices of agricultural commodities or normal patterns of commercial trade with friendly countries .
3 .
In carrying out this Agreement , the two Governments will seek to assure , to the extent practicable , conditions of commerce permitting private traders to function effectively and will use their best endeavors to develop and extend continuous market demand for agricultural commodities .
4 .
The Government of India agrees to furnish , upon request of the United States of America , information on the progress of the program , particularly with respect to the arrival and condition of commodities and the provisions for the maintenance of usual marketings , and information relating to exports of the same or like commodities .
Article 5 , consultation
The two Governments will , upon the request of either of them , consult regarding any matter relating to the application of this Agreement or to the operation of arrangements carried out pursuant to this Agreement .
Article 6 , entry into force
The agreement shall enter into force upon signature .
In witness whereof , the respective representatives , duly authorized for the purpose , have signed the present Agreement .
Done at Washington in duplicate this fourth day of May 1960 .
For the government of the United States of America :
Dwight D. Eisenhower
for the government of India :
S. K. Patil Excellency :
I have the honor to refer to the Agricultural Commodities Agreement signed today between the Government of the United States of America and the Government of India ( hereinafter referred to as the Agreement ) and , with regard to the rupees accruing to uses indicated under Article 2 , of the Agreement , to state that the understanding of the Government of the United States of America is as follows : 1 .
With respect to Article 2 , , Paragraph 1 ( A ) of the Agreement : ( 1 )
The Government of India will provide facilities for the conversions of the rupee equivalent of $4 million ( up to a maximum of $1 million per year ) accruing under the subject agreement for agricultural market development purposes into currencies other than United States dollars on request of the Government of the United States of America .
This facility is needed for the purpose of securing funds to finance agricultural market development activities of the Government of the United States in other countries .
The Government of the United States of America may utilize rupees in India to pay for goods and services , including international transportation needed in connection with market development and other agricultural projects and activities in India and other countries .
( 2 )
The rupee equivalent of $63.8 million , but not more than 5 percent of the currencies received under the Agreement will be used for loans to be made by the Export-Import Bank of Washington under Section 104 ( E ) of the Agricultural Trade Development and Assistance Act , as amended ( hereinafter referred to as the Act ) , and for administrative expenses of the Export-Import Bank of Washington in India incident thereto .
It is understood that : ( A )
Such loans under Section 104 ( E ) of the Act will be made to United States business firms and branches , subsidiaries , or affiliates of such firms in India for business development and trade expansion in India and to United States firms and to Indian firms for the establishment of facilities for aiding in the utilization , distribution , or otherwise increasing the consumption of and markets for United States agricultural products .
In the event the rupees set aside for loans under Section 104 ( E ) of the Act are not advanced within six years from the date of this Agreement because the Export-Import Bank of Washington has not approved loans or because proposed loans have not been mutually agreeable to the Export-Import Bank of Washington and the Department of Economic Affairs of the Government of India , the Government of the United States of America may use the rupees for any purpose authorized by Section 104 of the Act .
( B )
Loans will be mutually agreeable to the Export-Import Bank of Washington and the Government of India acting through the Department of Economic Affairs of the Ministry of Finance .
The Secretary , Department of Economic Affairs , or his designate , will act for the Government of India , and the President of the Export-Import Bank of Washington , or his designate , will act for the Export-Import Bank of Washington .
( C )
Upon receipt of an application which the Export-Import Bank is prepared to consider , the Export-Import Bank will inform the Department of Economic Affairs of the identity of the applicant , the nature of the proposed business , the amount of the proposed loan , and the general purposes for which the loan proceeds would be expended .
( D )
When the Export-Import Bank is prepared to act favorably upon an application , it will so notify the Department of Economic Affairs and will indicate the interest rate and the repayment period which would be used under the proposed loan .
The interest rate will be similar to those prevailing in India on comparable loans and the maturities will be consistent with the purposes of the financing .
( E )
Within sixty days after the receipt of notice that the Export-Import Bank is prepared to act favorably upon an application the Department of Economic Affairs will indicate to the Export-Import Bank whether or not the Department of Economic Affairs has any objection to the proposed loan .
Unless within the sixty-day period the Export-Import Bank has received such a communication from the Department of Economic Affairs it shall be understood that the Department of Economic Affairs has no objection to the proposed loan .
When the Export-Import Bank approves or declines the proposed loan , it will notify the Department of Economic Affairs .
2 .
With respect to Article 2 , , paragraphs 1 ( B ) and 1 ( C ) : Uses of Section 104 ( E ) and Section 104 ( G ) rupees : The Government of India will use the amount of rupees granted or loaned to it by the United States pursuant to paragraphs 1 ( B ) and 1 ( C ) for projects to promote economic development with emphasis upon the agricultural sector including food reserve storage structures and facilities as may from time to time be agreed upon by the authorized representatives of the United States and the authorized representatives of the Government of India , in the following sectors : A .
Agriculture ; ;
B .
Industry , including the production of fertilizer , irrigation and power , transport and communications , and credit institutions ; ;
C .
Public health , education , and rehabilitation ; ;
D .
Other economic development projects consistent with the purposes of Sections 104 ( E ) and 104 ( G ) of the Act .
, your return is also due June 15 , 1962 , or the 15th day of the 6th month after the close of your fiscal year .
If A taxpayer dies , the executor , administrator , or legal representative must file the final return for the decedent on or before the 15th day of the 4th month following the close of the deceased taxpayer's normal tax year .
Suppose John Jones , who , for 1960 , filed on the basis of a calendar year , died June 20 , 1961 .
His return for the period January 1 to June 20 , 1961 , is due April 16 , 1962 .
The return for a decedent may also serve as a claim for refund of an overpayment of tax .
In such a case , Form 1310 should be completed and attached to the return .
This form may be obtained from the local office of your district director .
Returns of estates or trusts are due on or before the 15th day of the 4th month after the close of the tax year .
Extensions of time for filing .
Under unusual circumstances a resident individual may be granted an extension of time to file a return .
You may apply for such an extension by filing Form 2688 , Application For Extension Of Time To File , with the District Director of Internal Revenue for your district , or you may make your application in a letter .
Your application must include the following information : ( 1 ) your reasons for requesting an extension , ( 2 ) whether you filed timely income tax returns for the 3 preceding years , and ( 3 ) whether you were required to file an estimated return for the year , and if so whether you did file and have paid the estimated tax payments on or before the due dates .
Any failure to file timely returns or make estimated tax payments when due must be fully explained .
Extensions are not granted as a matter of course , and the reasons for your request must be substantial .
If you are unable to sign the request , because of illness or other good cause , another person who stands in close personal or business relationship to you may sign the request on your behalf , stating the reason why you are unable to sign .
You should make any request for an extension early so that if it is refused , your return may still be on time .
See also Interest On Unpaid Taxes , below .
Extensions while abroad .
Citizens of the United States who , on April 15 , are not in the United States or Puerto Rico , are allowed an extension of time until June 15 for filing the return for the preceding calendar year .
An extension of 2 months beyond the regular due date for filing is also available to taxpayers making returns for a fiscal year .
Alaska and Hawaii .
Taxpayers residing or traveling in Alaska are also allowed this extension of time for filing , but those residing or traveling in Hawaii are not allowed this automatic extension .
Military or Naval Personnel on duty in Alaska or outside the United States and Puerto Rico are also allowed this automatic extension of time for filing their returns .
You must attach a statement to your return , if you take advantage of this automatic extension , showing that you were in Alaska or were outside the United States or Puerto Rico on April 15 or other due date .
Interest on unpaid taxes .
Interest at the rate of 6% a year must be paid on taxes that are not paid on or before their due date .
Such interest must be paid even though an extension of time for filing is granted .
When payment is due .
If your computation on Form 1040 or Form 1040A shows you owe additional tax , it should be remitted with your return unless you owe less than $1 , in which case it is forgiven .
If payment is by cash , you should ask for a receipt .
If you file Form 1040A and the District Director computes your tax , you will be sent a bill if additional tax is due .
This bill should be paid within 30 days .
Payment by check or money order .
Whether the check is certified or uncertified , the tax is not paid until the check is paid .
If the check is not good and the April 15 or other due date deadline elapses , additions to the tax may be incurred .
Furthermore , a bad check may subject the maker to certain penalties .
All checks and money orders should be made payable to Internal Revenue Service .
Refunds .
An overpayment of income and social security taxes entitles you to a refund unless you indicate on the return that the overpayment should be applied to your succeeding year's estimated tax .
If you file Form 1040A and the District Director computes your tax , any refund to which you are entitled will be mailed to you .
If you file a Form 1040 , you should indicate in the place provided that there is an overpayment of tax and the amount you want refunded and the amount you want credited against your estimated tax .
Refunds of less than $1 will not be made unless you attach a separate application to your return requesting such a refund .
Where to file .
Send your return to the Director of Internal Revenue for the district in which you have your legal residence or principal place of business .
If you have neither a legal residence nor a principal place of business in any Internal Revenue district , your return should be filed with the District Director of Internal Revenue , Baltimore 2 , Md. .
If your principal place of abode for the tax year is outside the United States ( including Alaska and Hawaii ) , Puerto Rico , or the Virgin Islands and you have no legal residence or principal place of business in any Internal Revenue district in the United States , you should file your return with the Office of International Operations , Internal Revenue Service , Washington 25 , D.C. .
Adjusted gross income
.
The deductions allowed in determining Adjusted Gross Income put all taxpayers on a comparable basis .
It is the amount you enter on line 9 , page 1 of Form 1040 .
Some deductions are subtracted from Gross Income to determine Adjusted Gross Income .
Other deductions are subtracted only from Adjusted Gross Income in arriving at Taxable Income .
To compute your adjusted gross income you total all items of income .
( See Chapter 6 .
) From this amount deduct the items indicated below .
Businessmen deduct all ordinary and necessary expenses attributable to a trade or business .
Rents or royalties .
If you hold property for the production of rents or royalties you subtract , in computing Adjusted Gross Income , ordinary and necessary expenses and certain other deductions attributable to the property .
( See Chapter 15 .
)
Outside salesmen deduct all expenses attributable to earning a salary , commission , or other compensation .
( See Chapter 10 .
)
Employees deduct expenses of travel , meals and lodging while away from home in connection with the performance of their services as employees .
They also deduct transportation expenses incurred in connection with the performance of services as employees even though they are not away from home .
( See Chapter 12 .
) If your employer reimburses you for expenses incurred , you deduct such expenses if they otherwise qualify .
( See Chapter 10 .
)
Sick pay , if included in your Gross Income , is deducted in arriving at Adjusted Gross Income .
If your sick pay is not included in your Gross Income , you may not deduct it .
( See Chapter 9 .
) income from estates and trusts .
If you are a life tenant , you deduct allowable depreciation and depletion .
If you are an income beneficiary of property held in trust or an heir , legatee , or devisee , you may deduct allowable depreciation and depletion , if not deductible by the estate or trust .
Deductible losses on sales or exchanges of property are allowable in determining your Adjusted Gross Income .
( See Chapter 20 .
) 50% of capital gains .
You also deduct 50% of the excess of net long-term capital gains over net short-term capital losses in determining Adjusted Gross Income .
( See Chapter 24 .
) other deductions .
Certain other deductions are not allowed in determining Adjusted Gross Income .
They may be claimed only by itemizing them on page 2 of Form 1040 .
These deductions may not be claimed if you elect to use the Standard Deduction or Tax Table .
( See Chapters 30 through 37 .
)
2 .
Minors minors must also file returns if they earn $600 or more during the year .
A minor is subject to tax on his own earnings even though his parent may , under local law , have the right to them and might actually have received the money .
His income is not required to be included in the return of his parent .
A minor child is allowed A personal exemption of $600 on his own return regardless of how much money he may earn .
Exemption also allowed parent .
If your child is under 19 or is a student you may also claim an exemption for him if he qualifies as your dependent , even though he earns $600 or more .
See Chapter 5 .
Example .
Your 16 year old son earned $720 in 1961 .
You spent $800 for his support .
Since he had gross income of $600 or more , he must file a return in which he may claim an exemption deduction of $600 .
Since you contributed more than half of his support , you may also claim an exemption for him on your return .
He may get a tax refund .
A minor who has gross income of less than $600 is entitled to a refund if income tax was withheld from his wages .
Generally , the refund may be obtained by filing Form 1040A accompanied by the withholding statement ( Form W-2 ) .
If he had income other than wages subject to withholding , he may be required to file Form 1040 .
See Chapter 1 .
If your child works for you , you may deduct reasonable wages you paid to him for services he rendered in your business .
You may deduct these payments even though your child uses the money to purchase his own clothing or other necessities which you are normally obligated to furnish him , and even though you may be entitled to his services .
The one- or two-season hunt , of which there have been too many recently , may do more harm than good ; ;
for such programs raise hopes of assistance toward achieving excellence in scholarship and the arts which are dashed when the programs are discontinued ; ;
and they are dashed , no less , by lack of skill in making selections of men and women for development toward the highest reaches of the mind and spirit .
For the making of selections on the basis of excellence requires that any foundation making the selections shall have available the judgments of a corps of advisors whose judgments are known to be good : such judgments can be known to be good only by the records of those selected , by records made subsequent to their selection over considerable periods of time .
The central group of the Foundation's advisors are , at any one period of time , the members of our Advisory Board , consisting , now , of thirty-six men and women .
They are chosen by the Foundation's Board of Trustees on the bases of their own first-rate accomplishments in their different fields of scholarship and the arts .
Their locations in all parts of the United States , and their locations in the several kinds of educational and research institutions that are the principal homes of our intellectual and artistic strengths also are factors in the Trustees' minds .
For this concept of an Advisory Board , ancillary to the Board of Trustees , we are indebted to the late President of Harvard University , A. Lawrence Lowell , a master of the subject of the structure of cultural institutions and their administration .
That we had the wit and wisdom to adopt Mr. Lowell's concept and make it the base for our processes of selection is one reason why our selections have been , it may be said truly , pretty uniformly good .
For , in accordance with Mr. Lowell's concept of an advisory board , our selections are made by experienced selectors who give both constancy and consistency to our processes and our choices .
And lest we should become too consistent , in the sense of becoming heedless of new fields of scholarship and new points of view in the arts , the Foundation's Board of Trustees maintains a trickle -- not a flow ! !
-- of new members through the Advisory Board .
Two committees of members of the Advisory Board constitute the committees of selection -- one for the selection of Fellows from Canada , the United States , and the English-speaking Caribbean area and one for the selection of Fellows from the Latin American republics and the Republic of the Philippines .
To the members of our Advisory Board , and most specially to its members who constitute our committees of selection , the Foundation is indebted for its successes of choice of Fellows .
We are , as we know , utterly dependent on the quality of advice we get ; ;
and quality of advice , added to devotion to the Foundation's purposes and ideals , we do get from our Advisory Board in measures so full that they can be appreciated only by those of us who work here every day .
But the facts about our Advisory Board and its members' duties are only one of several sets of facts about the quest for advice , both reliable and imaginative , on which to base our selections of Fellows .
For example , the interest of past members of the Foundation's Advisory Board remains such that they place their knowledge and judgments at our disposal much as they had done when they were , formally , members of that Board .
And , besides , there are a large number of scholars , artists , composers of music , novelists , poets , essayists , choreographers , lawyers , servants of government , and men of affairs -- hundreds , indeed -- who serve the Foundation well with the advice they give us freely and gratis out of their experience .
To all , the Foundation gives the kind of thanks which are more than thanks : to them we are grateful beyond the possibility of conveying in words how grateful we are .
It is a truism of business that no business can be better than its board of directors and its top management .
The same is true of every foundation .
During the biennium reviewed in this Report , our Board of Trustees named able men , younger than the rest of us , to the Board and to top management to insure future continuance of the first-class administration of the Foundation's affairs :
Dr. James Brown Fisk , physicist , President of the Bell Telephone Laboratories , was elected to the Board of Trustees .
He is a member both of the National Academy of Sciences and of the American Philosophical Society ; ;
and he has served our country well as a scientific statesman on international commissions .
Dr. Gordon N. Ray , Provost , Vice-President and Professor of English in the University of Illinois , was appointed Associate Secretary General .
The Trustees of the Foundation appointed Dr. Ray to that position with the stated expectation that he would succeed the present Secretary General upon the latter's eventual retirement .
Dr. Ray is a Fellow of the Foundation -- appointed thrice to assist his studies of William Makepeace Thackeray and of H. G. Wells -- and , before his appointment to the Foundation's executive staff , had been given our highest scholarly accolade , appointment to the Advisory Board .
Referring further to the Foundation's officers , Dr. James F. Mathias , for eleven years our discerning colleague as Associate Secretary , was promoted to be Secretary .
He is a historian , with the great merit of a historian's long view .
Also appointed to the Foundation's staff , as Assistant Secretary , is Mr. J. Kellum Smith , Jr. .
Mr. Smith , like the present Secretary General , is a lawyer ; ;
and lawyers -- with the great virtues that they are trained to read `` the fine print '' carefully and are able out of professional experience to arrive at imaginative solutions to difficult problems in many fields -- are indispensable even in a foundation office .
The present Secretary General has been the Foundation's principal administrative officer continuously since the Foundation's establishment thirty-five years ago .
But even he will not last indefinitely and the above-noted new arrangements are , quite simply , made to assure qualitative continuity in the Foundation's policies and practices .
The effective recognition of excellence and its nurture has to be learned and is not learned in a day , nor even in a year .
We are not given to lamentations , neither personally nor in these Reports .
On the contrary , if this be an apocalyptic era as is commonly said , we see it as an era of opportunity .
For , granting that there are great present-day problems to be solved , these problems make great demands ; ;
and by their demanding tend to create resources of men's minds and hearts which problems with easy answers do not bring forth .
Of this , examples are legion : Pericles speaking his funeral oration in Ancient Greece's extremity after Thermopylae and making it a testament of freedom ; ;
Jefferson writing the Declaration of Independence amid the catastrophes of revolution ; ;
Christ preaching the Sermon on the Mount , close to his ultimate sacrifice ; ;
Shakespeare speaking with `` the indescribable gusto of the Elizabethan voice '' -- ; ;
Keats's words -- in the days of the Spanish Armada's threats ; ;
Isaac Newton , at the age of twenty-three , industriously calculating logarithms `` to two and fifty places '' during the great plague year in England , 1665 ; ;
Winston Churchill's Olympian , optimistic and resolute sayings when Britain stood alone against the armed forces of tyranny less than twenty years ago ; ;
the present-day explorations of outer space , answering age-old questions of science and philosophy , in the face of possible wars of extinction .
Forsan et haec olim meminisse iuvabit , as the Roman poet , Virgil , declared with much more historical sense than most writers of today .
It gives , indeed , cause for rejoicing to remember what many catastrophes of the past produced ; ;
and it is to be noted also that confidence should grow from remembering that great men often appeared in the past to turn local catastrophe into future good for all mankind .
For example , out of the social evils of the English industrial revolution came the novels of Charles Dickens ; ;
and his genius moved his readers to seek solutions of those evils for all Western men -- until today -- , in the industrialized West , these social evils substantially do not exist .
The solutions were not arrived at by any theoreticians of the Karl Marx stripe but by men of government -- lawyers , most of them -- and men of business .
These were educated men , who , as Mr. Justice Holmes was fond of saying , formed their inductions out of experience under the burden of responsibility .
That is , to put it realistically , they had to run their businesses at a profit , or they had to get the votes to get elected .
Nevertheless , they made naught of Marx's prophecy that capitalism would never pay the `` workers '' -- to use Marx's word -- more than a subsistence wage , with the consequence that increased productivity must inevitably find its way into the capitalists' pockets with the result , in turn , that the gap between the rich and the poor would irrevocably widen and the misery of the poor increase .
But as all understand who have eyes to see , nothing of the kind has happened ; ;
indeed , the contrary has happened .
The gulf between the `` rich '' and the `` poor '' has narrowed , in the industrialized Western world , to the point that the word `` poor '' is hardly applicable .
And the reason this could happen is clear : men of government , business men , lawyers and all who concerned themselves with the welfare of their fellow men did not let their concern to run their businesses at a profit restrict the development of freedom and opportunity .
Some would say that they were not permitted to run their businesses only for profit ; ;
and even putting it that way would not prove that Marx was anything but wrong .
Sir Henry Sumner Maine , a hundred years before Communism was a force to be reckoned with , wrote his brilliant legal generalization , that `` the progress of society is from status to contract '' .
The essence of contract is that one is free to make a choice of what one will or will not do .
Hence , the condition of freedom is a necessary condition for choice .
The greater the range of freedom for individual men , the greater the range of choice ; ;
the greater the range of choice , the greater the rate of change .
For change is dependent on the possibilities that individual men glimpse for the future .
But when there is not freedom and opportunity to choose , men -- individual men -- must remain in status and society does not , cannot , progress .
The eternal truth is that progress -- due , as it always is , to individual creative genius -- is just as dependent on freedom as human life is dependent on the beating of the heart .
And lest anybody think that considerations such as these are not germane in a foundation report , let me enlighten them with the truths that , under Communism there would have been no capital with which to endow the Foundation , and that there would not be that individual freedom within which the Fellows might proceed , untrammeled in every way , toward their discoveries , their creative efforts for the good of mankind .
During the year 1959 , we granted 354 Fellowships ; ;
in 1960 , we granted 334 .
As heretofore , our Fellowships are available to assist research in all fields of knowledge and creative effort in all the arts .
We do not favor one field over another : we think that all inquiry , all scholarly and artistic creation , is good -- provided only that it contributes to a sense and understanding of the true ends of life , as all first-rate scholarship and artistic creation does .
Indeed , if pressed , we would say what the late Robert Henri , American painter , said to a pupil , `` Anything will do for a subject : it's what you do with it that counts '' .
Thus , we have no part , and want none , in current discussions of the relative importance of science , the social studies , the humanities , the creative arts .
We want no part in such discussions , because we think them largely futile ; ;
and we think them largely futile because , for true excellence of accomplishment , every scholar and every artist must cross boundaries of knowledge and boundaries of points of view .
When the Brown & Sharpe Manufacturing Company reached its 125th year as a going industrial concern during 1958 , it became an almost unique institution in the mechanical world .
With its history standing astride all but the very beginnings of the industrial revolution , Brown & Sharpe has become over the years a singular monument to the mechanical foresight of its founder , Joseph R. Brown , and a world-renowned synonym for precision and progress in metalworking technology .
Joseph R. Brown grew up in the bustle and enterprise of New England between 1810 and 1830 .
He was early exposed to the mechanical world , and in his youth often helped his father , David Brown , master clock and watchmaker , as he plied his trade .
At the age of 17 he became an apprentice machinist at the shop of Walcott & Harris in Valley Falls , Rhode Island , and following two or three other jobs in quick succession after graduation , he went into business for himself in 1831 , making lathes and small tools .
This enterprise led to a father-and-son combination beginning in 1833 , under the name D. Brown & Son , a business which eventually grew into the modern corporation we now call Brown & Sharpe .
The years of Joseph's partnership with his father were numbered .
In 1838 , a devastating fire gutted their small shop and soon thereafter David Brown moved west to Illinois , settling on a land grant in his declining years .
Joseph Brown continued in business by himself , quickly rebuilding the establishment which had been lost in the fire and beginning those first steps which were to establish him as a pioneer in raising the standards of accuracy of machine shop practice throughout the world .
Much of his genius , of course , sprang from his familiarity with clock movements .
During these early years the repair of watches and clocks and the building of special clocks for church steeples formed an important part of the young man's occupation .
He became particularly interested in graduating and precision measurement during the 1840's , and his thinking along these lines developed considerably during this period .
But his business also grew , and we are told that Mr. Brown found it increasingly difficult to devote as much time to his creative thinking as his inclinations led him to desire .
It must have been with some pleasure and relief that on September 12 , 1848 , Joseph Brown made the momentous entry in his job book , in his characteristically cryptic style , `` Lucian Sharpe came to work for me this day as an apprentice '' .
The young apprentice apparently did well by Mr. Brown , for in the third year of his apprenticeship Lucian was offered a full partnership in the firm ; ;
the company became `` J. R. Brown & Sharpe '' , and entered into a new and important period of its development .
Mr. Sharpe's arrival in the business did indeed provide what Mr. Brown had most coveted -- time for `` tinkering '' , and the opportunity of carrying out in the back room those developments in precision graduation which most interested him at that time .
By 1853 , the new partnership announced the precision vernier caliper as the first fruit of their joint efforts .
The basic significance of this invention helped them to follow it rapidly in 1855 by the development of a unique precision gear cutting and dividing engine .
That development , in turn , formed the foundation of still more significant expansions in later years -- in gear cutting , in circular graduating , in index drilling , and in many other fields where accuracy was a paramount requirement .
Throughout their careers , both Mr. Brown and Mr. Sharpe were interested in the problem of setting up standards of measurement for the mechanical trades .
Several efforts were made in this direction , and though not all of them survive to this day , the Brown & Sharpe wire gage system was eventually adopted as the American standard and is still in common use today .
As one development followed another , the company's reputation for precision in the graduating field brought it broader and broader opportunities for expansion in precision manufacture .
In 1858 , the partnership began manufacturing the Willcox & Gibbs sewing machine .
As the story goes , Mr. Gibbs , who originally came from the back counties of the Commonwealth of Virginia , saw an illustration in a magazine of the famous Howe sewing machine .
Curious as to what made it work , he built a crude model of it in wood , and filed a piece of steel until he succeeded in making a metal pickup for the thread , enabling the crude machine to take stitches .
When he showed this model as his `` solution '' as to how the Howe sewing machine operated , he was told he was `` wrong '' , and discovered to his amazement that the Howe Machine , which was unknown to him in detail , used two threads while the one that he had perfected used only one .
Thus was invented the single thread sewing machine , which Mr. Gibbs in partnership with Mr. Willcox decided to bring to Brown & Sharpe with the proposal that the small company undertake its manufacture .
The new work was a boon to the partnership , not only for its own value but particularly for the stimulation it provided to the imagination of J. R. Brown toward yet further developments for production equipment .
The turret screw machine , now known as the Brown & Sharpe hand screw machine , takes its ancestry directly from Mr. Brown's efforts to introduce equipment to simplify the manufacture of the sewing machine .
Mr. Brown made important additions to the arts in screw machine design by drastically improving the means for revolving the turret , by introducing automatic feeding devices for the stock , and reversible tap and die holders .
In 1861 , Mr. Brown's attention was called to yet another basic production problem -- the manufacture of twist drills .
At that time , during the Civil War , Union muskets were being manufactured in Providence and the drills to drill them were being hand-filed with rattail files .
This process neither satisfied the urgent production schedules nor Mr. Brown's imagination of the possibilities in the situation .
The child of this problem was Mr. Brown's famous Serial No. 1 Universal Milling Machine , the archtype from which is descended today's universal knee-type milling machine used throughout the world .
The original machine , bearing its famous serial number , is still on exhibition at the Brown & Sharpe Precision Center in Providence .
During the Civil War period Mr. Brown also invented the Brown & Sharpe formed tooth gear cutter , a basic invention which ultimately revolutionized the world's gear manufacturing industry by changing its basic economics .
Up until that time it had been possible to make cutters for making gear teeth , but they were good for only one sharpening .
As soon as the time came for re-sharpening , the precise form of the gear tooth was lost and a new cutter had to be made .
This process made the economical manufacture of gears questionable until some way could be found to permit the repeated re-sharpening of gear tooth cutters without the loss of the precision form .
Mr. Brown's invention achieved this and , as a byproduct , formed the cornerstone of Brown & Sharpe's position of leadership in the gear making equipment field which lasted until the 1920's when superceded by other methods .
The micrometer caliper , as a common workshop tool , also owes much to J. R. Brown .
Although Mr. Brown was not himself its inventor ( it was a French idea ) , it is typical that his intuition first conceived the importance of mass producing this basic tool for general use .
So it was that when Mr. Brown and Mr. Sharpe first saw the French tool on exhibition in Paris in 1868 , they brought a sample with them to the United States and started Brown & Sharpe in yet another field where it retains its leadership to this day .
The final achievement of Mr. Brown's long and interesting mechanical career runs a close second in importance to his development of the universal milling machine .
That achievement was his creation of the universal grinding machine , which made its appearance in 1876 at the Philadelphia Centennial Exposition .
This machine , like its milling counterpart , was the antecedent of a machine-family used to this very day in precision metalworking shops throughout the world .
Along with J. R. Brown's other major developments , the universal grinding machine was profoundly influential in setting the course of Brown & Sharpe for many years to come .
Following Mr. Brown's death , there came forward in the Brown & Sharpe organization many other men who contributed greatly to the development of the company .
One such man was Samuel Darling .
As head of the firm Darling & Swartz , Mr. Darling began by challenging Brown & Sharpe to its keenest competition during the 1850's and early 60's .
In 1868 , however , a truce was called between the companies , and the partnership of Darling , Brown & Sharpe was formed .
Between that year and the buying out of Mr. Darling's interest in 1892 , a large portion of the company's precision tool business was carried out under the name of Darling , Brown & Sharpe , and to this day many old precision tools are in use still bearing that famous trademark .
Perhaps the outstanding standard bearer of Mr. Brown's tradition for accuracy was Mr. Oscar J. Beale , whose mechanical genius closely paralleled that of Mr. Brown , and whose particular forte was the development of the exceedingly accurate measuring machinery that enabled Brown & Sharpe to manufacture gages , and therefore its products , with an accuracy exceeding anything then available elsewhere in the world .
Also important on the Brown & Sharpe scene , at the turn of the century , was Mr. Richmond Viall , Works Superintendent of the company from 1876 to 1910 .
Mr. Viall possessed remarkable talents for the leadership and development of men .
He was an ardent champion of the Brown & Sharpe Apprentice Program and personal counselor to countless able men who first developed their industrial talents with the company .
In one sense it can be said that one of the most important Brown & Sharpe products over the years has been the men who began work with the company and subsequently came to places of industrial eminence throughout the nation and even abroad .
Commencing with the death of Lucian Sharpe in 1899 , the name of Henry D. Sharpe was for more than 50 years closely interwoven with the destiny of the company .
During his presidency , the company's physical plant was enormously expanded , and the length and breadth of the Brown & Sharpe machine tool line became the greatest in the world .
During the early part of this century , the Brown & Sharpe works in Providence were unchallenged as the largest single manufacturing facility devoted exclusively to precision machinery and tool manufacture anywhere in the world .
During these years the company's product line followed the basic tenets laid down by Mr. Brown .
It expanded from hand screw machines to automatic screw machines , from simple formed-tooth gear cutting machines to gear hobbing machines and a large contract gear manufacturing business , from rudimentary belt-driven universal milling machines to a broad line of elaborately controlled knee-type and manufacturing type milling machines .
In the grinding machine field , expansion went far from universal grinders alone and took in cylindrical grinders , surface grinders , and a wide variety of special and semi-special models .
In 1951 , Henry D. Sharpe , Jr. succeeded his father and continued the company's development as a major factor in the metal-working equipment business .
The company is still broadening its line and is now active on four major fronts .
The Machine Tool Division is currently producing Brown & Sharpe single spindle automatic screw machines , grinding machines of many types , and knee and bed-type milling machines .
Recently added is the Brown & Sharpe turret drilling machine which introduces the company to an entirely new field of tool development .
In the Industrial Products Division , the company manufactures and markets a wide line of precision gaging and inspection equipment , machinists' tools -- including micrometers , Vernier calipers , and accessories .
In the Cutting Tool Division , the principal products include a wide variety of high speed steel milling cutters , end mills and saws .
Sales and net income for the year ended December 31 , 1960 showed an improvement over 1959 .
Net income was $2,557,111 , or $3.11 per share on 821,220 common shares currently outstanding , as compared to $2,323,867 or $2.82 per share in 1959 , adjusted to the same number of shares .
Sales and other operating income increased 25.1% from $24,926,615 in 1959 to $31,179,816 in 1960 .
This increase was sufficient to overcome the effect on net income of higher costs of manufacture and increased expenditures on research and development .
In spite of the fact that our largest market , the textile industry , was affected substantially by the current decline in business activity , we have been able to produce and deliver our machines throughout the year 1960 at a rate materially higher than during 1959 .
Outlook for current year
Our current rate of incoming orders has now contracted and unless this trend can be reversed , our production for 1961 will be lower than for 1960 .
However , the healthy inventory position of the textile industry lends support to the broadly expressed belief that improvement in that industry can be expected by the second half of 1961 .
Need for sound tax policy
In connection with our continuing development of new and more efficient mill machinery , a sounder U. S. income tax policy on depreciation of production equipment , enabling the mills to charge off the cost of new machines on a more realistic basis , could , if adopted , have favorable effects on Leesona's business in the next few years .
Such a depreciation policy would also , we believe , prove a very important factor in strengthening the competitive position of the U. S. textile and other industries , thus helping to strengthen the position of the dollar in foreign exchange .
Research and development
Our research and development program , serving as it does an industry which must compete against low-cost production throughout the world , continues to have primary emphasis at Leesona .
This program is based on the policy of designing and building efficient machines which will help produce better textile values -- fabrics whose cost in relation to quality , fashion and utility provide the consumer with better textile products for the money .
Such policy involves continuing effort to improve on existing mill equipment , in terms of efficiency and versatility .
But more important , we believe , it must concentrate on the development of entirely new concepts in textile processing as do the Unifil loom winder and our more recent Uniconer automatic coning machine .
Budget increased
On this basis , our already substantial budget for research and development has been further increased in recent years in order to finance the continuing engineering and design work essential to Leesona's future growth in sales and earnings .
Much of this necessary increase in research and development , though properly chargeable to current expenses , is not reflected in earnings until projects are completed and the new machines sold in quantity , usually over a period of several years .
Stretch yarn machines
In December we began to ship our ultra-high-speed stretch yarn machines .
These machines produce the higher quality stretch yarns required in weaving stretch and textured fabrics .
During the past year , great progress has been made by the weaving mills in creating new stretch and textured fabrics .
Fashion centers are now predicting broad acceptance of sports apparel and improved `` wash and wear '' dresses and blouses made from these fabrics .
This machine , operating at speeds up to 350,000 revolutions per minute , is believed to provide one of the fastest mechanical operations in industry today .
It transfers yarn directly from the producers' largest package into ideal supply packages for use on Unifil loom winders in weaving stretch yarn fabrics .
Large-package twister
Our new large-package ring twister for glass fiber yarns is performing well in our customers' mills .
Later in the year , additional types of this Leesona twister will be made available to mills for other man-made fibers and natural yarns .
These machines are designed to provide higher operating speeds , larger yarn packages , and greater flexibility of application to different types of yarn .
This we believe will substantially broaden the potential market for the equipment .
Uniconer
Major activity at Providence in 1961 will involve the scheduled completion of tooling for production of the Uniconer automatic coning machine .
This work is progressing on schedule and we expect to make initial shipments in the fourth quarter of this year .
This machine was demonstrated in two textile machinery exhibitions last year and was well received by the industry .
The potential market for the machine should be comparable to that of the Unifil loom winder .
The Uniconer has several outstanding features -- it operates with much greater efficiency than existing equipment ; ;
it incorporates an automatic knot-tying device on each spindle , and it will knot a break in the yarn in 10 seconds as well as tie in new bobbins as the running end is exhausted .
Because the bobbin-to-cone winding process is a relatively high-cost operation for the mill , the almost complete automation provided by the Uniconer can mean important economies in textile production , at the same time upgrading quality .
Many mills have already placed firm orders for this machine .
New Unifil application
A new application for the Unifil loom winder , running single filling for box looms , will broaden mill use of this equipment .
Take-up machines
A new spinning take-up machine has been developed to facilitate the use of our take-up machine in the production of thermoplastic yarns .
It is equipped with electronic controls that can be set to hold precise tension and speed .
This new machine takes up filament yarn from spinneret or extruder and winds large packages at speeds up to 6,000 feet per minute .
It is equipped with an automatic threading device to reduce waste and handling time .
Our take-up machines and our twister-coners are undergoing important pilot plant testing for application with new high polymer yarns , in several fiber producing plants .
We look forward to a stronger position in this expanding field .
Diversification plans
We are interested in further diversification into other fields of capital goods , or components for industrial products , and have recently intensified our efforts in that direction .
Patterson Moos research
Our Patterson Moos Research Division has made further very encouraging progress in development of fuel cells .
The cooperation of our exclusive American licensee , Pratt & Whitney Aircraft Division of United Aircraft Corporation , has been important in this work .
In addition to its major effort on fuel cells , Patterson Moos Research Division is continuing to carry on research in other fields , both under contract for the Defense Department , other government agencies and for our own account .
PMR is currently supplying components vital to the Titan and Minuteman programs .
We have recently entered into an agreement with Compagnie Generale De Telegraphie Sans Fil ( CSF ) of France for the exclusive exchange of technical information on thermoelectric materials .
The agreement gives us rights for manufacturing and marketing of such materials in the United States .
Initially we will import the thermoelectric materials and modules from France but later we will manufacture in this country .
There is a rapidly growing demand for this material , primarily from the military .
Further research , we believe , will develop important commercial applications .
A project for the Air Force has been completed in which the NAIR infrared detecting device was developed for area monitoring of noxious or dangerous gases .
We are initiating research on the use of solid state materials for infrared detection using a method which will not require cooling of materials to attain high sensitivity .
The rapid advance in science today suggests many other avenues of investigation .
Our plan is to keep abreast of these advances , and select for development those fields which seem most promising for our special capabilities .
New plant facilities
Early in August we broke ground for a new $3,500,000 plant in Warwick , Rhode Island , which will house our textile and coil winding machinery operations .
Construction is well along , and the plant is scheduled for completion in November of this year .
All operations now carried on at our plant at Cranston will be transferred to Warwick .
Operations in the new plant should be producing efficiently early in 1962 .
An architect's sketch of the new plant is shown on the front cover .
The building will contain 430,000 square feet , approximately the same as our present plant .
However , its modern one-story layout is designed to increase our production capacity , permit more efficient manufacturing , and substantially reduce current repair and maintenance costs .
A major consideration in the choice of the Warwick site , four miles from Cranston , was the fact that it permits retention of our present trained and highly skilled work force .
We have entered into an agreement for the sale of the present Cranston properties , effective as soon as we have completed removal to our new plant .
British subsidiary
During the year our British subsidiary , Leesona-Holt , Limited , expanded its plant in Darwen , England , and added machine tool capacity .
The operations of its other plant in Rochdale and Leesona's former operations in Manchester were transferred to a recently acquired plant in the adjoining town of Heywood .
Too often a beginning bodybuilder has to do his training secretly either because his parents don't want sonny-boy to `` lift all those old barbell things '' because `` you'll stunt your growth '' or because childish taunts from his schoolmates , like `` Hey lookit Mr. America ; ;
whaddya gonna do with all those muscles ( of which he has none at the time ) '' ? ?
After all , a guy's gotta have a little ego ! !
Therefore it's a genuine pleasure to tell you about an entirely happy bodybuilder who has never had to train in secret has never heard one unkind word from his parents and never has been taunted by his schoolmates ! !
This happy , always smiling lad with the sunny disposition is our new Junior Mr. Canada -- Henri De Courcy .
Far from discouraging Henri , his parents urge him on to greater and greater accomplishments .
Instead of admonishing him to let the weights alone they personally took him to that master Montreal bodybuilding authority , Professor Roland Claude .
And they couldn't have entrusted Henri to better hands because `` le professeur '' knows his muscles from the sterno-cleido mastoideus of the neck right down to the tibialis anticus of the leg and better still , he knows just what exercises work best for them and what Weider principles to combine them with for fast , fast muscle growth .
That's because the good professor teaches only Weider methods at his famous Montreal Health Studio which is located at 1821 Mt. Royal East in Montreal .
Undoubtedly you have read the case histories of some of his prize-winning pupils ( every pupil has a physique title of some kind or other ) .
There's Gaetan D'Amours who is our newest Mr. Canada ; ;
Jean-Paul Senesac , whose story appeared here two issues ago ; ;
Jack Boissoneault , who was with us last month ; ;
Charles Harve , who recently won the `` Most Muscular Man '' subdivision award in the Mr. Canada event ; ;
and a host of others .
Yesiree , the professor knows his muscles ! !
Now when Henri was just 12 he was only 4' 10'' '' tall and weighed an astounding 72 pounds , and his greatest desire was to pack on some weight .
About that time he began reading Mr. America and Muscle Builder and he learned of the famous Weider way to fast weight gaining .
Seeing so many illustrations and reading so many testimonials to the value of Quick-Wate and Super-Protein , those two wonder-working Weider food supplements , he decided to try them and see what they could do for him .
Well , sir they did real great ! !
For in almost less time than it takes to tell it , Henri's bodyweight was increasing rapidly .
Of course he did some exercising .
He's crazy about water skiing and swimming and this vigorous exercise in conjunction with the added food supplements packed pounds of solid muscle on his skinny frame .
Henri has always had shapely legs from swimming and water skiing and really doesn't have to work them very much .
But he was totally dissatisfied with his upper body .
It was muscular but it wasn't symmetrical .
`` A real ' nothing ' torso '' , says Henri .
`` It never seemed to widen .
It just got longer and longer '' .
That's when he went to Professor Claude .
And at once Claude saw what the trouble was and he knew just how to correct it .
In his gym the professor has some of the most `` knocked out '' equipment since Vic Tanny .
Mr. Claude is a specialist in torso development and he has long favored the now-famous Weider Push-Pull Super-Set technique in which one exercise of the Super-Set is a pressing or `` pushing '' movement which accents one sector of a muscle group in a specific way , followed by a `` pulling '' exercise which works the opposing sector of the same muscle group .
So right away Claude introduced Henri to his famous `` moon '' bench and proceeded to teach him his first Push-Pull Super-Set consisting of the wide-grip Straight-Arm Pullover ( the `` pull '' part of the Push-Pull Super-Set ) which dramatically widens the ribcage and strongly affects the muscles of the upper back and chest and the collar-to-collar Bench Press which specifically works on the chest to build those wide , Reeves-type `` gladiator '' pecs , while stimulating the upper lats and frontal deltoids .
As you can see , in this Push-Pull Super Set the entire chest-back-shoulder area is vigorously exercised in alternate sectors by alternate exercises so the complete torso remains pumped-up all the time ! !
Now when Henri has completed four complete Push-Pull Super-Sets No. 1 , the professor allows him about a five-minute rest period before starting him on four complete Push-Pull Super-Sets No. 2 .
Super-Set No. 2 is made up of similar exercises , but this time done with dumbbells , and using both `` moon '' and flat benches .
The `` push '' exercise of this Push-Pull Super-Set is the Bench Press done with elbows well pulled back and with a greater downward stretch of the pectorals not possible with the barbell variation .
You need the barbell variation to build width and mass in the pecs .
The dumbbell variation develops a most classically sculptured outline to the Aj .
The `` pull '' exercise in this Super-Set is the one-dumbbell Bent-Arm Pullover .
( Note how strongly the upper lats and serratus are worked in this fine exercise because of the pin-point concentration of force which the dumbbell variation affords ) .
In the third Push-Pull Super-Set the `` push '' exercise is the widegrip Pushup Between Bars , while the `` pull '' exercise is the Moon Bench Lateral Raise with bent arms .
The Pushup done in this manner is the greatest pectoral-ribcage stretcher ever invented ! !
This is true only if a very wide grip is used and only when the greatest possible stretch is achieved .
You'll know when you've made the greatest stretch because your shoulder blades will touch ! !
As you see , the professor has designed a piece of apparatus that forces the bodybuilder to use a w-i-d-e grip .
He has to ; ;
he just can't do anything about it at all ! !
But as you can also see , it's not a painful exercise at all , because Henri De Courcy -- the `` happy '' bodybuilder -- looks as though he were having the time of his life ! !
The last exercise of Roland Claude's prescribed program for Henri is a single exercise , done in individual sets with a bit longer pause between sets .
By this time Henri's entire chest-back-lat-shoulder area is pumped-up to almost bursting point , and Claude takes time to do a bit more pectoral-front deltoid shaping work .
He has Henri do from four to six sets of the Incline Bench Press ( note the high incline ) .
This gives a wide flare to the pecs , causing them to flow dramatically upward into deltoids and dramatically downward into the serratus and Aj .
This is the kind of chest that invariably wins contests ; ;
that steel-edged `` carved-out-of-solid rock '' looks of the great champions .
So with four complete Push-Pull Super-Sets No. 1 , four of No. 2 , four of No. 3 and four to six sets of the Incline Bench Press , you can see that Henri De Courcy has had a terrific mass-building , muscle-shaping , torso-defining workout that cannot be improved upon .
Physique contests are rarely won on muscle size alone .
Rarer still is a Mr. America or Mr. Universe of true Herculean build .
The aspects of physical development that catch the judges' eyes and which rightfully influence their decisions are symmetry and that hallmark of the true champion -- superior definition of the muscles .
Now good definition is one thing that all of us can acquire with occasional high-set , high-rep , light-weight workouts .
But contest definition -- that dramatic muscular separation of every muscle group that seems as though it must have been carved by a sculptor's chisel -- is something quite different .
This comes not alone from high-set , high-rep training , but from certain definition-specialization exercises which the champion selects for himself with the knowledge of exactly what works best for him .
Often these exercises work well for some bodybuilders but less spectacularly for others .
Because they are `` minority '' exercises and have but a limited appeal they soon find themselves in the limbo of the forgotten .
Only when the newest Mr. America or Mr. Universe discovers them and puts them into practice are we reacquainted with them and once again see how effective they really are .
The exercise I shall discuss in this -- the first of a new series of articles on muscle definition-specialization of a particular body part -- is the One Leg Lunge .
Why it was ever forgotten for even a moment I cannot say because it works perfectly for everyone , no matter whether he has short or long thigh-bone lengths ! !
It is the one exercise that drastically influences the definition of the thighs at the hipline -- that mark of the champion that sets him apart from all other bodybuilders ; ;
a criterion of muscle `` drama '' that is unforgettable to judges and audiences alike ; ;
the facet of muscular development that wins prizes .
Definition of the thighs at the uppermost part is quite commonly seen in most championship Olympic lifters which is easily understandable .
The One Leg Lunge is a split and all lifters practice this in their regular workouts .
But for purely definition purposes -- used in conjunction with your regular Squatting , Leg Curling , Leg Extensor programs -- a heavy weight is not needed .
Indeed , a lighter weight works much better because a greater , more extensive split can be performed .
Used in several sets of high reps once or twice each week it will not be long before your entire upper leg takes on a razor-sharp definition in which the muscles look like wire cables writhing and twisting under the skin ! !
Really there is no reason why this fine exercise should not find its way into your leg program at all times , for the following suggestions show why it is so effective : 1 .
It's a complete thigh contraction-extension exercise .
2 .
It places terrific tension on the leg muscles from start to finish of each repetition .
3 .
It improves over-all balance and control for the bodybuilder , and helps to make Squats more easily and more correctly performed .
4 .
It increases flexibility of the legs .
5 .
It speeds muscle growth and power development even for the advanced bodybuilder because each hip and leg is exercised separately , thus enabling a massive , concentrated effort to be focused on each .
You'll need your Weider Power Stands for this fine exercise and here's the way it's done : 1 .
Place your Power Stands in position and adjust their height so that this will correspond to the height of your shoulders when you are in a deep leg split as for a heavy Clean .
2 .
Place a suitably-loaded barbell across them ; ;
grasp the bar ( which will rest against the back of your neck ) ; ;
extend your feet forward and backward until you are in a deep leg split .
Now raise the weight by straightening your front leg , without moving your feet .
When the front knee is straight and locked , allow it to bend again until you feel the bar come lightly into contact with the sides of the Power Stands .
3 .
After you have taken a breather , reverse the position of your legs so that the front thigh of the previous exercise is now to the rear , and the rear thigh now to the front , and perform the same movement in the same manner .
That's the One-Leg Lunge in a nutshell .
You should have a couple of training partners to stand by when you make your first experiments just for safety .
You should also begin this exercise with a very light barbell until you become accustomed to it balance-wise .
Oh , you'll wobble and weave quite a bit at first .
But don't worry .
Before your first training experiment has ended there will be a big improvement and almost before you know it you'll be raising and lowering yourself just like a veteran ! !
Although I suggested that you hold the bar at the back of the neck there's no reason why you shouldn't make some experiments with the bar held in front of the neck .
Squat-style lifters and leg-split lifters would both benefit enormously by practicing those variations providing that they remember to make alternate sets with the left and right leg to the front .
The most beautiful bed of pansies I've seen was in a South Dakota yard on a sizzling day .
Pansies are supposed to like it cool , but those great velvety flowers were healthy and perky in the glaring sun .
I sought out the gardener and asked him what he did to produce such beauties in that weather .
He seemed puzzled by my question .
`` I just love them '' , he said .
The more I talked with him , the more convinced I became that that was the secret of their riotous blooming .
Of course his love was expressed in intelligent care .
He planted the pansy seeds himself , buying them from a pansy specialist .
These specialists , I learned , have done a great deal of work to improve the size and health of the plants and the resulting flowers .
Their seeds produce vigorous blooming plants half again the size of the unimproved strains .
I asked him if he took seeds from his own plants .
Occasionally , when he had an unusual flower that he wanted more of he did ; ;
but pansy seeds , he told me , soon `` run down '' .
It's best to buy them fresh from a dealer who is working to improve them .
His soil was `` nothing special '' , just prairie land , but he had harrowed in compost until it was loose , spongy and brown-black .
I fingered it and had the feeling of adequacy that comes with the right texture , tilth and body .
It isn't easy to describe it , but every gardener knows it when his fingers touch such soil .
Nothing is easier to grow from seed than pansies .
They germinate quickly , the tiny plants appearing in a week , and grow along lustily .
It doesn't really matter which month of the year you sow them , but they germinate best when they have a wide variation of temperature , very warm followed by cool in the same 24 hours .
I like to make a seedbed right in the open , though many people start them successfully in cold frames .
Pansies don't have to be coddled ; ;
they'd rather have things rugged , with only moderate protection on the coldest days .
If you do use a cold frame be sure that its ventilation is adequate .
For my seedbed I use good garden soil with a little sand added to encourage rooting .
I dig it , rake it smooth , sow the seeds and wet them down with a fog spray .
Then I cover the sowing with a board .
This keeps it cool and moist and protects it from birds .
Ants carry away the seeds so better be sure that there are no ant hills nearby .
When the first sprinkling of green appears I remove the board .
A light , porous mulch applied now keeps the roots cool and the soil soft during these early days of growth .
I like sawdust for this , or hay .
When they have 4 to 6 leaves and are thrifty little plants , it's time to set them out where they are to remain .
Every time you transplant a pansy you cause its flowers to become smaller .
The moral is : don't transplant it any oftener than you must .
As soon as they are large enough to move , I put mine 9 inches apart where they are to bloom .
I put a little scoop of pulverized phosphate rock or steamed bone meal into each hole with the plant .
That encourages rooting , and the better developed the roots , the larger and more plentiful the flowers .
Pansies are gluttons .
I doubt if it is possible to overfeed them .
I spade lots of compost into their bed ; ;
lacking that , decayed manure spread over the bed is fine .
One year I simply set the plants in the remains of a compost pile , to which a little sand had been added , and I had the most beautiful pansies in my , or any of my neighbors' experience .
In addition to the rich soil they benefit by feedings of manure water every other week , diluted to the color of weak tea .
As a substitute for this , organic fertilizer dissolved in water to half the strength in the directions , may be used .
They need mulch .
We put a light mulch over the seedlings ; ;
now we must use a heavy one .
Three inches of porous material will do a good job of keeping weeds down and the soil moist and cool .
When winter comes be ready with additional mulch .
I like hay for this and apply it so that only the tops of the plants show right after a good frost .
That keeps in the cold , retains moisture and prevents the heaving of alternate freezing and thawing .
Don't miss the pansies that appear from time to time through the winter .
Whenever there is a thaw or a few sunny days , you'll be likely to find a brave little blossom or two .
If those aren't enough for you , why not grow some just for winter blooming ? ?
The pansies I cherished most bloomed for me in February during a particularly cold winter .
I started the seed in a flat in June and set out the little pansies in a cold frame .
( An unheated greenhouse would have been better , if I had had one .
) The plants took zero nights in their stride , with nothing but a mat of straw over the glass to protect them .
In response to the lengthening days of February they budded , then bloomed their 4-inch velvety flowers .
That cold frame was my morale builder ; ;
its mass of bright bloom set in a border of snow made my spirits rise every time I looked at it .
Like strawberries in December , pansies are far more exciting in February than in May .
Try that late winter pickup when you are so tired of cold and snow that you feel you just can't take another day of it .
The day will come , in midsummer , when you find your plants becoming `` leggy '' , running to tall-growing foliage at the expense of blossoms .
Try pegging down each separate branch to the earth , using a bobby pin to hold it there .
Pick the flowers , keep the soil dampened , and each of the pegged-down branches will take root and become a little plant and go on blooming for the rest of the season .
As soon as an experimental tug assures you that roots have taken over , cut it off from the mother plant .
A second and also good practice is to shear off the tops , leaving an inch high stub with just a leaf or two on each branch .
These cut-down plants will bud and blossom in record time and will behave just as they did in early spring .
I like to shear half my plants at a time , leaving one half of them to blossom while the second half is getting started on its new round of blooming .
Probably no one needs to tell you that the way to stop all bloom is to let the blossoms go to seed .
Nature's aim , different from ours , is to provide for the coming generation .
That done , her work is accomplished and she ignores the plant .
Here is a word of advice when you go shopping for your pansy seeds .
Go to a reputable grower , preferably a pansy specialist .
It is no harder to raise big , healthy , blooming plants than weak , sickly little things ; ;
in fact it is easier .
But you will never get better flowers than the seed you grow .
Many people think that pansies last only a few weeks , then their period of growth and bloom is over .
That is not true .
If the plants are cared for and protected over the winter , the second year is more prolific than the first .
Would you like to grow exhibition pansies ? ?
Remove about half the branches from each plant , leaving only the strongest with the largest buds .
The flowers will be huge .
Pansies have character .
They stick to their principles , insist upon their due , but grow and bloom with dependable regularity if given it .
Treat them right and they'll make a showing every month in the year except the frigid ones .
Give them food , some shade , mulch , water and more food , and they'll repay your solicitude with beauty .
A salad with greens and tomato is a popular and wonderfully healthful addition to a meal , but add an avocado and you have something really special .
This delightful tropical fruit has become well-known in the past thirty years because modern transportation methods have made it possible to ship avocados anywhere in the United States .
It has a great many assets to recommend it and if you haven't made avocado a part of your diet yet , you really should .
You will find that avocado is unlike any other fruit you have ever tasted .
It is roughly shaped like a large pear , and when properly ripened , its dark green skin covers a meaty , melon-like pulp that has about the consistency of a ripe Bartlett pear , but oily .
The avocado should have a `` give '' to it , as you hold it , when it is ripe .
The flavor is neither sweet , like a pear , nor tart like an orange ; ;
it is subtle and rather bland , nut-like .
It is a flavor that might take a little getting used to -- not because it is unpleasant , but because the flavor is hard to define in the light of our experience with other fruits .
Sometimes it takes several `` eatings '' of avocado to catch that delightful quality in taste that has made it such a favorite throughout the world .
Once you become an avocado fan , you will look forward to the season each year with eager anticipation .
Naturally dormant and no spray danger
Today , refrigerated carriers have made the shipping of avocados possible to any place in the world .
The fruit is allowed to mature on the tree , but it is still firm at this point .
It is brought to packing houses , cleaned and graded as to size and quality , and packed in protective excelsior .
The fruit is then cooled to 42-degrees-F. , a temperature at which it lapses into a sort of dormant state .
This cooling does not change the avocado in any way , it just delays the natural softening of the fruit until a grovelike temperature ( room temperature ) is restored .
This happens on the grocer's shelf or in your kitchen .
One of the most attractive things about avocados is that they do not require processing of any kind .
There is no dyeing or waxing or gassing needed .
If the temperature is controlled properly , the avocado will delay its ripening until needed .
And unlike other fruits , one cannot eat the skin of the avocado .
It is thick , much like an egg plant's skin , so that poison sprays , if they are used , present no hazard to the consumer .
Nutritious and a cholesterol reducer
Good taste and versatility , plus safety from spray poisons would be enough to recommend the frequent use of such a fruit , even if its nutritional values were limited .
Avocados , however , are very rich in nutrients .
Their main asset is an abundance of unsaturated fatty acids , so necessary for maintaining the good health of the circulatory system .
Aside from this , the average portion contains some protein , an appreciable amount of vitamins A and C -- about one-tenth of the minimum daily requirement , and about a third of the official vitamin E requirement .
The B vitamins are well represented , especially thiamin and riboflavin .
Calcium , phosphorus and iron are present in worthwhile amounts , and eleven other minerals also have been found in varying trace amounts .
None of these values is destroyed , not significantly altered by refrigeration storage .
Dr. Wilson C. Grant , of the Veterans' Administration Hospital , Coral Gables , Florida , and the University of Miami School of Medicine , set out to discover if avocados , because of their high content of unsaturated fatty acids , would reduce the cholesterol of the blood in selected patients .
The study comprised 16 male patients , ranging in age from 27 to 72 .
They were put on control diets to determine as accurately as possible , the normal cholesterol level of their blood .
Then they were given 1/2 to 1-1/2 avocados per day as a substitute for part of their dietary fat consumption .
Five , four , three , two , one , fire ! !
The tremendous energy released by giant rocket engines perhaps can be felt much better than it can be heard .
The pulsating vibration of energy clutches at the pit of your stomach .
Never before has the introduction of a weapon caused so much apprehension and fear .
Nuclear weapons are fearsome , but the long-range ballistic missile gives them a stealth and merciless swiftness which is much more terrifying .
A great many writers are bewitched by the apparently overwhelming advantage an attacker would have if he were to strike with complete surprise using nuclear rockets .
It is relatively easy to go a step further and reason that an attacker , in possession of such absolute power , would simultaneously destroy his opponent's cities and people .
With a nation defenseless before it , why would the attacker spare the victim's people ? ?
Wouldn't the wanton destruction of cities and people be the logical act of complete subjugation ? ?
The nation would be utterly devastated .
The will of its people , so crucial in time of peril , would be broken .
Nuclear weapons have given the world the means for self-destruction in hours or days ; ;
and now rockets have given it the means to destroy itself in minutes .
At this point it should be painfully obvious that cities , being `` soft '' , and the people within them are ideally suited to destruction by nuclear weapons .
However , because this vulnerability is mutual , it is to the advantage of neither side to destroy the opponent's cities , at least so long as the opponent has nuclear weapons with which to effect reprisal .
It should be appallingly apparent that city-trading is not a profitable military tactic .
ICBMs have given us a capability which could be used in two different ways .
They could be used to attack a nation's people ( which would inevitably mean the loss of the attacker's own people ) , or they could be used with discrimination to destroy the enemy's military force .
If our national interest lies in being able to fight and win a war rather than committing national suicide , then we must take a much more penetrating look at ballistic missiles .
We must determine whether missiles can win a war all by themselves .
We must make certain that the aircraft is finished before we give the entire job to the missile .
Missiles are very valuable weapons , but they also have their too little known limitations .
Because of a missile's ballistic trajectory , the location of a fixed target must be known quite accurately .
Placing missiles in submarines , on barges , railroads , highways , surface vessels and in the air provides them with passive protection by taking advantage of the gravest weakness of long-range ballistic missiles today -- the extreme difficulty of destroying a mobile or moving target with such weapons .
One must first detect a fleeting mobile or moving target , decide that it is worthy of destruction , select the missile to be fired against the target , compute ballistics for the flight , and prepare the missile for firing .
Even if all these operations could be performed instantaneously , the ICBM still has a time of flight to the target of about 30 minutes .
Therefore , if the target can significantly change its location in something less than 30 minutes , the probability of having destroyed it is drastically lowered .
Because of this , it would appear inevitable that an increasing percentage of strategic missiles will seek self-protection in mobility -- at least until missile defenses are perfected which have an exceedingly high kill probability .
In order to destroy the enemy's mobile , moving , or imprecisely located strategic forces , we must have a hunter-killer capability in addition to our missiles .
Until this hunter-killer operation can be performed by spacecraft , manned aircraft appear to be the only means available to us .
It seems reasonable that if general nuclear war is not to be one cataclysmic act of burning each other's citizens to cinders , we must have a manned strategic force of long-endurance aircraft capable of going into China or Russia to find and destroy their strategic forces which continued to threaten us .
Let us suppose the Russians decide to build a rail-mobile ICBM force .
It is entirely feasible to employ aircraft such as the B-52 or B-70 in hunter-killer operations against Soviet railway-based missiles .
If we stop thinking in terms of tremendous multimegaton nuclear weapons and consider employing much smaller nuclear weapons which may be more appropriate for most important military targets , it would seem that the B-52 or B-70 could carry a great many small nuclear weapons .
An aircraft with a load of small nuclear weapons could very conceivably be given a mission to suppress all trains operating within a specified geographic area of Russia -- provided that we had used some of our ICBMs to degrade Russia's air defenses before our bombers got there .
The aircraft could be used to destroy other mobile , fleeting , and imprecisely located targets as well as the known , fixed and hardened targets which can also be destroyed by missile .
Why , then , aren't we planning a larger , more important role for manned military aircraft ? ?
Is there any other way to do the job ? ?
Survivability of our strategic forces ( Polaris , mobile and hardened Minuteman , hardened Atlas and Titan , and airborne Skybolt ) means that it will take some time , perhaps weeks , to destroy a strategic force .
War , under these circumstances , cannot be one massive exchange of nuclear devastation .
Forces will survive a surprise attack , and these forces will give depth , or considerable duration , to the conflict .
The forces which survive the initial attack must be found and destroyed .
Even mobile forces must be found and destroyed .
But , how does one go about the job of finding and destroying mobile forces ? ?
They are not susceptible to wholesale destruction by ballistic missile .
Some day , many years in the future , true spacecraft will be able to find and destroy mobile targets .
But until we have an effective spacecraft , the answer to the hunter-killer problem is manned aircraft .
However , the aircraft which we have today are tied to large , `` soft '' airfields .
Nuclear rockets can destroy airfields with ease .
Here then is our problem : aircraft are vital to winning a war today because they can perform those missions which a missile is totally incapable of performing ; ;
but the airfield , on which the aircraft is completely dependent , is doomed by the missile .
This makes today's aircraft a one-shot , or one mission , weapon .
Aircraft are mighty expensive if you can use them only once .
This is the point on which so many people have written off the aircraft in favor of the missile .
But remember this -- it isn't the aircraft which is vulnerable to nuclear rockets , it is the airfield .
Eliminate the vulnerability of aircraft on the ground and you have essentially eliminated its vulnerability to long-range ballistic missiles .
There are four rather obvious ways to reduce or eliminate the vulnerability of aircraft on the ground :
Put aircraft in `` bomb-proof '' hangars when they are on the ground .
Build long-range aircraft which can take off from small ( 3,000-foot ) airfields with runways .
If we could use all the small airfields we have in this country , we could disperse our strategic aircraft by a factor of 10 or more .
Use nuclear propulsions to keep our long-range military aircraft in the air for the majority of their useful life .
Using very high thrust-to-weight ratio engines , develop a vertical-takeoff-and-landing ( VTOL ) long-range military aircraft .
We have the technology today with which to build aircraft shelters which could withstand at least 200 Aj .
We could put a portion of our strategic bombers in such shelters .
Large , long-range bombers can be developed which would have the capability to take off from 3,000-foot runways , but they would require more powerful engines than we have today .
There is little enthusiasm for spending money to develop more powerful engines because of the erroneous belief that the aircraft has been made obsolete by the missile .
This same preoccupation with missiles at the expense of aircraft has resulted in our half-hearted effort to develop nuclear propulsion for aircraft .
One seldom hears the analogy `` nuclear propulsion will do for the aircraft what it has already done for the submarine '' .
If , for some reason such as economy , we are not going to develop aircraft nuclear propulsion with a sense of national urgency , then we should turn our effort to developing jet engines with a thrust-to-weight ratio of 12 or 15 to one .
With powerplants such as these , vertical takeoff and landing combat aircraft could be built .
For example , a 12-to-one engine would power a supersonic VTOL fighter .
With a 15-to-one engine , a supersonic aircraft weighing 300,000 pounds could rise vertically .
The reason that we are not going ahead full speed to develop high thrust-to-weight engines is that it would cost perhaps a billion dollars -- and you don't spend that sort of money if aircraft are obsolete .
When aircraft are no longer helpless on airfields , they are no longer vulnerable to Aj .
If our SAC bombers were , today , capable of surviving a surprise missile attack and because of infinite dispersion or long endurance had the capability to strike at Russia again , and again , and again , those bombers would unquestionably assure our military dominance .
We would have the means to seek out and destroy the enemy's force -- whether it were fixed or mobile .
With such a force of manned bombers we could bring enormous pressure to bear on an enemy , and this pressure would be selective and extremely discriminating .
No need to kill an entire city and all its people because we lacked the precision and reconnaissance to selectively disarm the enemy's military force .
Our first necessity , at the very outset of war , is post-attack reconnaissance .
In a few years we will have SAMOS ( semiautomatic missile observation system ) .
But in the case of moving targets , and targets which have limited mobility , what will their location be when it is time to destroy them ? ?
What targets have we successfully knocked out ? ?
A ballistic missile cannot , today , tell you if it was successful or unsuccessful .
What targets still remain to be hit ? ?
These crucial questions must be answered by post-attack reconnaissance .
SAMOS will be hard put to see through clouds -- and to see in the dark .
Even if this is some day possible , there remains the 30-minute time of flight of a missile to its overseas target .
If the target can change its position significantly during the 30 minutes the missile is in the air on its way , the probability of the missile destroying the target is drastically reduced .
Pre-attack reconnaissance is vital but only post-attack reconnaissance will allow us to terminate the war favorably .
It would be priceless to have an aircraft to gather that post-attack reconnaissance .
It could operate under the clouds and perform infrared photography through clouds and at night .
It would be even more valuable because that same aircraft could immediately destroy any targets it discovered -- no need to wait for a missile to come all the way from the United States with the chance that the target , if it were mobile , would be gone .
A large aircraft , such as the B-52 or B-70 , could carry perhaps 50 or 100 small nuclear weapons .
Few people realize that one kiloton of nuclear explosive power will create 1,000 psi overpressure at 100 feet .
Or put another way , the hardest missile site planned today could be destroyed by placing a one-kiloton warhead ( 1/20th the size of those used in Hiroshima and Nagasaki ) within 100 to 200 feet of the target ! !
It is our lack of extreme accuracy which forces the use of very large yield nuclear weapons .
Today we have side-looking radar which has such high resolution that the radar picture clearly shows individual buildings , runways , taxi-ways , separate spans of bridges , etc. .
With these keen `` eyes '' and small nuclear weapons delivered with accuracy , military forces can be directly attacked with minimum damage to urban areas .
If we fail to develop the means to hunt down and destroy the enemy's military force with extreme care and precision , and if war comes in spite of our most ardent desires for peace , our choice of alternatives will be truly frightening .
The lyric beauties of Schubert's Trout Quintet -- its elemental rhythms and infectious melodies -- make it a source of pure pleasure for almost all music listeners .
But for students of musical forms and would-be classifiers , the work presents its problems .
Since it requires only five players , it would seem to fall into the category of chamber music -- yet it calls for a double bass , an instrument generally regarded as symphonic .
Moreover , the piece is written in five movements , rather than the conventional four of most quintets , and this gives the opus a serenade or divertimento flavor .
The many and frequent performances of the Trout serve to emphasize the dual nature of its writing .
Some renditions are of symphonic dimensions , with the contrabass given free rein .
Other interpretations present the music as an essentially intimate creation .
In these readings , the double bass is either kept discreetly in the background , or it is dressed in clown's attire -- the musical equivalent of a bull in a china shop .
Recently I was struck anew by the divergent approaches , when in the course of one afternoon and evening I listened to no fewer than ten different performances .
The occasion for this marathon : Angel's long-awaited reissue in its `` Great Recordings Of The Century '' series of the Schnabel-Pro Arte version .
Let me say at the outset that the music sounded as sparkling on the last playing as it did on the first .
Whether considered alone or in relation to other editions , COLH 40 is a document of prime importance .
Artur Schnabel was one of the greatest Schubert-Beethoven-Mozart players of all time , and any commentary of his on this repertory is valuable .
But Schnabel was a great teacher in addition to being a great performer , and the fact that four of the ten versions I listened to are by Schnabel pupils ( Clifford Curzon , Frank Glazer , Adrian Aeschbacher , and Victor Babin ) also sheds light on the master's pedagogical skills .
Certain pianistic traits are common to all five Schnabelian renditions , most notably the `` Schnabel trill '' ( which differs from the conventional trill in that the two notes are struck simultaneously ) .
But the most impressive testimony to Schnabel's distinction as a teacher is reflected by the individuality which marks each student's approach as distinctly his own .
Schnabel's emphasis on structural clarity , his innate rhythmic vibrancy , and impetuous intensity all tend to stamp his reading as a symphonic one .
Yet no detail was too small to receive attention from this master , and as a result the playing here has humor , delicacy , and radiant humanity .
This is a serious-minded interpretation , but it is never strait-laced .
And although Schnabel's pianism bristles with excitement , it is meticulously faithful to Schubert's dynamic markings and phrase indications .
The piano performance on this Trout is one that really demands a search for superlatives .
About the Pro Arte's contribution I am less happy .
I , for one , rather regret that Schnabel didn't collaborate with the Budapest Quartet , whose rugged , athletic playing was a good deal closer to this pianist's interpretative outlook than the style of the Belgian group .
From a technical standpoint , the string playing is good , but the Pro Arte people fail to enter into the spirit of things here .
The violinist , in particular , is very indulgent with swoops and slides , and his tone is pinched and edgy .
The twenty-five-year-old recording offers rather faded string tone , but the balance between the instruments is good and the transfer is very quiet .
There is a break in continuity just before the fourth variation in the `` Forellen '' movement , and I suspect that this is due to imperfect splicing between sides of the original Aj .
Turning to the more modern versions , Curzon's ( London ) offers the most sophisticated keyboard work .
Every detail in his interpretation has been beautifully thought out , and of these I would especially cite the delicious laendler touch the pianist brings to the fifth variation ( an obvious indication that he is playing with Viennese musicians ) , and the gossamer shading throughout .
Some of Curzon's playing strikes me as finicky , however .
Why , for example , does he favor two tempos , rather than one , for the third movement ? ?
The assisting musicians from the Vienna Octet are somewhat lacking in expertise , but their contribution is rustic and appealing .
( Special compliments to the double bass playing of Johann Krumpp : his scrawny , tottering sound adds a delightful hilarity to the performance .
)
The Glazer-Fine Arts edition ( Concert-Disc ) is a model of lucidity and organization .
It is , moreover , a perfectly integrated ensemble effort .
But having lived with the disc for some time now , I find the performance less exciting than either Schnabel's or Fleisher's ( whose superb performance with the Budapest Quartet has still to be recorded ) and a good deal less filled with humor than Curzon's .
Aeschbacher's work is very much akin to Schnabel's , but the sound on his Decca disc is dated , and you will have a hard time locating a copy of it .
The Hephzibah Menuhin-Amadeus Quartet ( Angel ) and Victor Babin-Festival Quartet ( RCA Victor ) editions give us superlative string playing ( both in symphonic style ) crippled by unimaginative piano playing .
( Babin has acquired some of Schnabel's keyboard manner , but his playing is of limited insight .
) Badura-Skoda-Vienna Konzerthaus ( Westminster ) and Demus-Schubert Quartet ( Deutsche Grammophon ) are both warm-toned , pleasantly lyrical , but rather slack and tensionless .
Helmut Roloff , playing with a group of musicians from the Bayreuth Ensemble , gives a sturdy reading , in much the same vein as that of the last-mentioned pianists .
Telefunken has accorded him beautiful sound , and this bargain-priced disc ( it sells for $2.98 ) is worthy of consideration .
Returning once again to the Schnabel reissue , I am beguiled anew by the magnificence of this pianist's musical penetration .
Here is truly a `` Great Recording of the Century '' , and its greatness is by no means diminished by the fact that it is not quite perfect .
This recording surely belongs in everyone's collection .
Must records always sound like records ? ?
From the beginning of commercial recording , new discs purported to be indistinguishable from The Real Thing have regularly been put in circulation .
Seen in perspective , many of these releases have a genuine claim to be milestones .
Although lacking absolute verisimilitude , they supply the ear and the imagination with all necessary materials for re-creation of the original .
On the basis of what they give us we can know how the young Caruso sang , appreciate the distinctive qualities of Parsifal under Karl Muck's baton , or sense the type of ensemble Toscanini created in his years with the New York Philharmonic .
Since the concept of high fidelity became important some dozen years ago , the claims of technical improvements have multiplied tenfold .
In many cases the revolutionary production has offered no more than sensational effects : the first hearing was fascinating and the second disillusioning as the gap between sound and substance became clearer .
Other innovations with better claims to musical interest survived rehearing to acquire in time the status of classics .
If we return to them today , we have no difficulty spotting their weaknesses but we find them still pleasing .
Records sound like records because they provide a different sort of experience than live music .
This difference is made up of many factors .
Some of them are obvious , such as the fact that we associate recorded and live music with our responses and behavior in different types of environments and social settings .
( Music often sounds best to me when I can dress informally and sit in something more comfortable than a theatre seat .
) From the technical standpoint , records differ from live music to the degree that they fail to convey the true color , texture , complexity , range , intensity , pulse , and pitch of the original .
Any alteration of one of these factors is distortion , although we generally use that word only for effects so pronounced that they can be stated quantitatively on the basis of standard tests .
Yet it is the accumulation of distortion , the fitting together of fractional bits until the total reaches the threshold of our awareness , that makes records sound like records .
The sound may be good ; ;
but if you know The Real Thing , you know that what you are hearing is only a clever imitation .
Command's new Brahms Second is a major effort to make a record that sounds like a real orchestra rather than a copy of one .
Like the recent Scheherazade from London ( High Fidelity , Sept. 1961 ) , it is successful because emphasis has been placed on good musical and engineering practices rather than on creating sensational effects .
Because of this , only those with truly fine equipment will be able to appreciate the exact degree of the engineers' triumph .
The easiest way to describe this release is to say that it reproduces an interesting and effective Steinberg performance with minimal alteration of its musical values .
The engineering as such never obtrudes upon your consciousness .
The effect of the recording is very open and natural , with the frequency emphasis exactly what you would expect from a live performance .
This absence of peaky highs and beefed-up bass not only produces greater fidelity , but it eliminates listener fatigue .
A contributing factor is the perspective , the uniform aesthetic distance which is maintained .
The orchestra is far enough away from you that you miss the bow scrapes , valve clicks , and other noises incidental to playing .
Yet you feel the orchestra is near at hand , and the individual instruments have the same firm presence associated with listening from a good seat in an acoustically perfect hall .
Command has achieved the ideal amount of reverberation .
The music is always allowed the living space needed to attain its full sonority ; ;
yet the hall never intrudes as a quasi-performer .
The timbre remains that of the instruments unclouded by resonance .
All of this would be wasted , of course , if the performance lacked authority and musical distinction .
For me it has more of both elements than the majority of its competitors .
Steinberg seems to have gone directly back to the score , discounting tradition , and has built his performance on the intention to reproduce as faithfully as possible exactly what Brahms set down on paper .
Those accustomed to broader , more romantic statements of the symphony can be expected to react strongly when they hear this one .
Without losing the distinctive undertow of Brahmsian rhythm , the pacing is firm and the over-all performance has a tightly knit quality that makes for maximum cumulative effect .
The Presto Ma non assai of the first trio of the scherzo is taken literally and may shock you , as the real Allegro con Spirito of the finale is likely to bring you to your feet .
In the end , however , the thing about this performance that is most striking is the way it sings .
Steinberg obviously has concluded that it is the lyric element which must dominate in this score , and he manages at times to create the effect of the whole orchestra bursting into song .
The engineering provides exactly the support needed for such a result .
Too many records seem to reduce a work of symphonic complexity to a melody and its accompaniment .
The Command technique invites you to listen to the depth of the orchestration .
Your ear takes you into the ensemble , and you may well become aware of instrumental details which previously were apparent only in the score .
It is this sort of experience that makes the concept of high fidelity of real musical significance for the home music listener .
The first substantially complete stereo Giselle ( and the only one of its scope since Feyer's four-sided LP edition of 1958 for Angel ) , this set is , I'm afraid , likely to provide more horrid fascination than enjoyment .
The already faded pastel charms of the naive music itself vanish entirely in Fistoulari's melodramatic contrasts between ultravehement brute power and chilly , if suave , sentimentality .
And in its engineers' frantic attempts to achieve maximum dynamic impact and earsplitting brilliance , the recording sounds as though it had been `` doctored for super-high fidelity '' .
The home listener is overpowered , all right , but the experience is a far from pleasant one .
As with the penultimate Giselle release ( Wolff's abridgment for RCA Victor ) I find the cleaner , less razor-edged monophonic version , for all its lack of big-stage spaciousness , the more aurally tolerable -- but this may be the result of processing defects in my SD copies .
At the Westminster KC Dog Show in Madison Square Garden , New York on the second day , the Finals of the Junior Class brought out the most competitive competition in the history of this Class .
The Class had entries from as far west as Wisconsin and as far south as Kentucky .
This year several entries from Canada were entered which made the Junior Class International .
Forty-six of the 53 Juniors who mailed in entries were present .
It was interesting to note that many of these Juniors were showing dogs in various other classes at the show prior to the Finals of the Junior Class .
As has been the custom for the past several years , John Cross , Jr. , Bench Show Chmn. of Westminster , arranged for the Juniors' meeting before the Class , and invited two speakers from the dog world to address them .
Over 60 Juniors , parents and guests attended .
Mrs. William H. Long , Jr. speaks
After the Juniors were welcomed and congratulated for qualifying for the Finals of the Junior Class , Mrs. William H. Long , Jr. was introduced as the first speaker .
In her opening remarks Mrs. Long also welcomed the Juniors and stated , `` There isn't any other show quite like Westminster .
I know because this is my 37th year with hardly a break .
Mrs. Long still feels the same unique spirit of Westminster which she stated the present Juniors will experience today but probably will not appreciate in full for a number of years .
Twenty years ago her daughter Betsey Long , then 13 years of age , won the Grand Challenge Trophy , Children's Handling Class ( as they were called then ) at Westminster .
No sooner had Betsey come out of the ring than Mrs. Long walked into the Working Competition with Ch. Cadet or Noranda , another home-bred product , and won ! !
Speaking from long years of experience , Mrs. Long advised the Juniors : `` When showing dogs ceases to be fun and excitement , stop ! !
Dogs have a way of sensing our feelings ! !
When you and your dog step into the Junior ring , it should be just what the dog wants to do as much as what you want him to do .
If you walk into the ring because it is fun to show your dog , he will feel it and give you a good performance ! !
He knows your signals , what is expected of him and the way the Class is conducted , right up through the flash-bulbs of the photographers '' .
Right attitude essential ! !
`` Take away your attitude '' , said Mrs. Long , `` and what have you left ? ?
Either a nervous dog because you are livid with rage -- a sure sign that you are taking things too seriously and had better stop ! !
Or a bored dog because you are more interested in something else -- maybe the way you look , or the date you have after the Class , or you are just doing this to please the parents .
`` The reason you are in the ring today is to show your ability to present to any judge the most attractive picture of your dog that the skillful use of your aids can produce .
Aids sounds more like a Pony Club , or horsemanship classes -- riding a horse and showing a dog are very similar ! !
`` Your aids are your attitude , which comes through your voice , your hands and legs -- voice to encourage , discourage or whatever the need may be ; ;
hands to guide or restrain ; ;
legs to produce motion and rate of speed .
Without right attitude the other aids just do not work right '' .
Mrs. Long wished all the Juniors luck in the Class and stated , `` Have fun ! !
And may you all continue to show at Westminster in the years to come '' ! !
Harvey Barcus , second speaker
The second speaker was Harvey Barcus , President of the Dog Writers Ass'n of America .
Mr. Barcus spoke on the subject of scholarships for Juniors -- with which he is very familiar .
Last year a boy he knows and helped in Journalism won the Thoroughbred Racing Ass'n Scholarship which is worth $10,000 .
He gave a resume of the steps taken in order for the boy he sponsored to win the scholarship .
`` Junior Showmanship is an extremely worthy project and should be earnestly encouraged '' ! !
Is one of Mr. Barcus' strong beliefs .
He feels very forcibly that the American Kennel Club should take a more active part in encouraging the Junior Division ! !
In closing , Mr. Barcus also wished all the Juniors luck in their Class .
Westminster Show Notes
Instead of 3 a.m. in the past , the Juniors Class at Westminster was held at 4:45 p.m. .
This gave the Juniors the use of the entire ring at the show -- a great advantage to them ! !
Before the Juniors entered the ring the Steward announced that after all Juniors had moved their dogs around the ring and set them up , they could relax with their dogs .
From there on , each Junior was going to be judged individually .
This thoughtful gesture was well received by the Juniors as the Class had an entry of 46 Juniors and it took approximately one hour , 45 minutes to judge the Class .
Anne Hone Rogers judges 28th finals
This year Anne Hone Rogers , outstanding Handler , judged the Class .
This is the third time in 28 years of Junior Showmanship at Westminster that a lady Handler has judged the Class .
As the Juniors entered the ring , Mr. Spring , the announcer , stated over the public-address system that this was the 28th year that Westminster has held the Finals of the Junior Competition .
Juniors competed last year at American Kennel Club and Canadian Kennel Club , recognized shows to be eligible to compete in this Class -- the Finals for the year .
A Junior who won two or more wins in the Open Class was eligible .
( The purpose of the Junior Showmanship Competition is to teach and encourage Juniors to become good sportsmen .
Many adults showing at Westminster today are products of this Class .
)
It seemed an almost impossible job for Miss Rogers to select 4 winners from the 46 Juniors entered .
A large number of these Juniors have 7 and 8 wins to their credit and are seasoned campaigners .
After the judge moved all the dogs individually , she selected several from the group and placed them in the center of the ring .
She then went over them thoroughly giving each a strenuous test in showmanship .
International Champion of the year
Betty Lou Ham , age 16 , Holyoke , Mass. , showing an Irish Setter , was chosen as International Champion of the year .
She was awarded the Professional Handlers' Ass'ns' Leonard Brumby , Sr. Memorial Trophy ( named for the founder-originator of the Junior Classes .
)
Betty is 16 years of age and had several wins to her credit last year .
In addition to showing an Irish Setter throughout the year , she also scored with an Afghan .
Other winners
Sydney Le Blanc , age 15 , Staten Island , N.Y. , showing a Doberman Pinscher , was 2nd .
Susan Hackmann , age 14 , from Baltimore , Md. , showing a Dachshund , was 3rd .
Last year Susan also placed 3rd in the Finals at Westminster .
From the records we keep -- Susan is the only Junior who has placed in the Junior Classes in both United States and Canada .
Karen Marcmann , age 16 , Trapp , Penna. , showing a Keeshond was 4th .
Most Juniors who were entered in the Finals are seasoned campaigners and not only show and win in Junior Classes but score in the Breed Classes as well .
Entries increasing -- requirements raised
In 1960 , there were 7287 entries in the Junior Classes .
Each year these shows have increased in entries .
Next year 1962 , at Westminster , the Bench Show Committee has raised the requirements so that a junior must win 3 or more Junior Classes in the open division only to qualify for Westminster .
Percy Roberts , a leading judge will not be at the International Show this year for the Junior Judging Contest as he has been invited to judge in Australia in March .
Judging class for intermediates proposed
It has been suggested many times that a Class be set up for the Juniors who are overage and cannot enter the Junior Classes .
For some time this writer has been suggesting a Junior Judging Class for Intermediates over 16 and under 20 years of age who are ineligible to compete in the Junior Class .
Such a Class was tried out successfully at the Westchester KC Show recently .
Not only were the contestants pleased with the Class , but it aroused the interest of all in attendance that day .
The Intermediates in the Class with the Judge were asked to pick 4 winners and give their reasons but their decisions did not affect the choice of the Judge .
We suggested this Class in the horse world and it was accepted immediately and included in the programs of horse shows .
At the recent horse show convention in New York it was stated that this Intermediate Judging Class is meeting with great success and will be a great help to future judges in the horse world .
This Class can be just as successful in the dog world if it is given a chance .
Last year Robert Harris , a leading Junior Handler entered the Dog Judging Contest ( Junior ) at the International KC of Chicago show and had the highest score in judging of any Junior since the Class' inception .
Juniors who attend this Chicago show should make a point to enter this Class as it would be of great help to them .
More volunteer handlers needed to judge
Superintendents at dog shows state it is becoming more difficult to obtain a licensed Handler to Judge Junior Showmanship Competition .
The founder of the Junior Showmanship Competition the late Leonard Brumby , Sr. ( for whom the trophy is named after at Westminster ) was an outstanding Handler and believed a Junior should have an opportunity to exhibit in a dog show starting with the Junior Showmanship Division .
Some years ago this Class was judged by celebrities who knew nothing of what was required of a Junior's ability to show a dog .
To overcome this unfair judging , the A.K.C. requires that a licensed Handler be present to judge the Class .
If the superintendents do not receive more cooperation from Handlers , it has been suggested that licensed Judges also be qualified to judge this Class .
By recognizing and helping Juniors get interested in the dog world , all will be helping to create future dog owners .
Other awards for Juniors
The Airedale Terrier Club of America and the Kerry Blue Terrier Club of America have under consideration donating trophies to the boys or girls who win with their breeds in Junior Showmanship Competition at any Show .
The Kansas City and the Topeka KCs are arranging that Juniors who win at their shows will be qualified to win points for Westminster .
The Rio Grande KC is also considering having their Junior Classes set up so that Juniors can qualify with points for Westminster .
The American Pointer Club is still continuing to donate trophies to Juniors who win at Junior Showmanship Classes with Pointers .
Traveling through the South -- over 16,000 miles -- with two Great Danes , an Afghan , and a Persian kitten , we've worked up a regular routine for acceptance at motels .
My husband enters the motel office , signs up for a room , and then solemnly asks the proprieter if he accepts pets .
`` Puppies '' ? ?
Comes the suspicious question .
`` No '' , he replies , `` full grown , adult show dogs , housebroken , and obedience-trained '' .
We've never been refused ! !
Once settled , we're careful to walk the dogs in an out of the way spot , keep them under control in the room , and feed and bench them where they can't do any harm to the furnishings or the furniture .
In the morning we leave the room looking as neat as a pin ! !
Many a motel owner -- when we've stopped there again -- has remembered us and has said he preferred our dogs to most children .
So many times I have wondered why veterinarians do not wipe the table clean before each new canine patient is placed on it for examination .
Is it that they don't care ? ?
Are they indifferent to the fact that the dog can easily pick up germs from the preceding patient ? ?
At one time , to most Americans , unless they were fortunate enough to live near a body of navigable water , boats were considered the sole concern of fishermen , rich people , and the United States Navy .
Today the recreational boating scene is awash with heartening statistics which prove the enormous growth of that sport .
There are more than 8,000,000 recreational boats in use in the United States with almost 10,000,000 the prediction for within the next decade .
About 40,000,000 people participated in boating in 1960 .
Boating has become a giant whose strides cover the entire nation from sea to shining sea .
Boats are operated in every state in the Union , with the heaviest concentrations along both coasts and in the Middle West .
The spectacular upsurge in pleasure boating is markedly evident , expectedly , in the areas where boats have always been found : the natural lakes , rivers , and along the nation's coastline .
But during the last several years boats were launched in areas where , a short time ago , the only water to be found was in wells and watering troughs for livestock .
Developed as a result of the multi-purpose resources control program of the government , vast , man-made bodies of water represent a kind of glorious fringe benefit , providing boating and fishing havens all over the country .
No matter how determined or wealthy boating lovers of the Southwest had been , for example , they could never have created anything approaching the fifty square-mile Lake Texoma , located between Texas and Oklahoma , which resulted when the Corp of Army Engineers dammed the Red River .
In 1959 , according to the Engineers , Lake Texoma was only one of thirty-two artificial lakes and reservoirs which were used for recreation by over 1,000,000 persons .
Where an opportunity to enjoy boating has not been created by bringing bodies of water to the people , means have been found to take the people and their boats to the water .
Providing these means are about ninety companies which manufactured the estimated 1,800,000 boat trailers now in use .
It is a simple task to haul a boat fifty or one hundred miles to a lake or reservoir on the new , light , strong , easy-to-operate trailers which are built to accommodate almost any kind of small boat and retail from $100 to $2,000 .
The sight of sleek inboards , outboards , and sailboats being wheeled smartly along highways many miles from any water is commonplace .
Boatmen lucky enough to have facilities for year-'round anchorage for their craft , will recall the tedious procedure of loading their gear into the car , driving to the water , and making trip after trip to transfer the gear to the boat .
Today , the boat , on its trailer , is brought to the gear and loaded at the door .
Arriving at the waterside , the boat is launched , the family taken aboard and , that easily , another day afloat is begun .
And trailers for boats are not what they started out to be ten years ago .
This year , Americans will discover previously unheard of refinements in trailers that will be exhibited in about one hundred of our nation's national , regional and local boat shows .
The boats of America's trailer sailors in 1961 will be coddled on clouds as they are hauled to new horizons .
The variety of craft on the country's waters today is overwhelming .
They range from an eight-foot pram , which you can build yourself for less than $50 , to auxiliary sailboats which can cost over $100,000 .
Boat prices vary according to the buyer's desires or needs .
In this respect , boats can be compared with houses .
There is no limit to what you can spend , yet it is easily possible to keep within a set budget .
There is no question as to just what is available .
You name it , our industry is producing it , and it probably is made in different models .
There are canoes ideal for fishing in protected waters or for camping trips .
There are houseboats which are literally homes afloat , accommodating whole families in comfort and convenience .
You can cross an ocean in a fully equipped craft , sail , power , or both , or laze away a fine day in a small dinghy on a local pond .
You may have your boat of wood , canvas , plywood , plastic , or metal .
You may order utility models , inboard or outboard , with or without toilets , galleys , and bunks .
You may dress it up with any number of accessories or keep it as simple as you choose .
Designers and manufacturers have produced models for purchasers who run the gamut from a nautical version of the elderly Pasadena lady who never drove more than five miles an hour on her once-a-month ride around the block , to the sportiest boatman who insists on all the dash , color , flair and speed possible to encompass in a single boat .
You pay your money and you take your choice .
American technology in engine and hull design is largely responsible for the plentiful interest in American boating .
I wonder if anyone ever bothered to make the point that when it comes to boats and their motors , Americans excel over any country in the world in the long run .
Russia , whose technology is not quite primitive , is still in the dark ages when it comes to improving the outboard motor , for instance .
Now here is truly a marvel .
The outboard engine of today has a phenomenal range of one to 80 horsepower , unheard of a few years ago for a two cycle engine in quantity production .
These engines can be removed from a boat with relative ease , wherein lies their greatest advantage .
Their cost is not beyond the hopes of the American pocketbook , the range being about $150 to $1,000 , depending on size .
Great thought has been given to making life easier for the growing boating population of the country ; ;
and to making the owning of a boat simpler .
There was a time when , if a man wanted to purchase a boat , it was necessary for him to be able to produce a sizeable amount of cash before he could touch the tiller or wheel .
Having a boat financed through a local bank is done much the same way as an automobile loan is extended .
Marine dealers and even some manufacturers who sell direct in non-dealer areas cooperate in enabling you to launch now and pay later .
Terms range from one to five years and the interest rates and down payments run about the same as for automobiles .
Of course , individual financing arrangements depend a good deal on the purchaser's earning power , credit rating and local bank policy .
Outboard motors , insurance , and boat repairs may also be financed in the same way as boats .
Terms and rates of interest for motors generally follow those for home appliances .
When the automobile was in its embryonic stage , such roads as existed were pretty much open roads with the tacit understanding that horses should not be unduly terrified being about the only rule governing where , when and how fast a car could go .
When air travel was in its infancy , the sky was considered big enough and high enough for all .
Man had enough to worry about managing to get up there and stay without being burdened with rules once aloft .
It was much the same with pleasure boating at first .
Come one , come all , the water's fine ! !
As the ungoverned days of the automobile and the airplane are long since relegated to the past , so is the carefree attitude toward what a boatman may and may not do ; ;
must and should do .
However , there is a minimum of legislative restriction on boating .
Laws on boating vary according to the state in which the craft is to be used and according to its horsepower .
What may be acceptable in one state may be strictly prohibited across the boundary line .
The main requirement is to be sure the boat is numbered according to the regulations of the state in which the boat will be principally used .
If your state has no provisions for the numbering of pleasure boats , you must apply for a number from the U.S. Coast Guard for any kind of boat with mechanical propulsion rated at more than 10 horsepower before it can be used on Federal waterways .
State numbering laws differ from each other in many ways .
Fees are not the same and some states do not require certain craft , such as sailboats with no power , to be registered at all .
Many states have laws regulating the use of boat trailers and some have restrictions regarding the age of motor boat operators .
Generally , states reserve for communities the right to have local ordinances regulating speed and other activities .
It is always wise to consult your marine dealer , local yacht or boat club secretary , or local law enforcement officers if you are not positive what the regulations are .
Ignorance of the law is no better excuse on the water than it is on land ; ;
lack of ability and common sense can lead to just as much tragedy .
Hand in hand with the legislative program is the industry's self originated and directed safety program .
Foreseeing the possible threats to safety with the rapid growth of the sport , the industry has been supporting an intense , coordinated educational program with great success since 1947 .
A primary factor in the success of the safety program has been the enthusiastic cooperation of the individual manufacturers .
The industry has been its own watch dog .
With U.S. Coast Guard cooperation , the American Boat and Yacht Council was formed to develop recommended practices and standards for boats and their equipment with reference to safety .
Industry interest in safety goes even farther .
In 1959 , the Yacht Safety Bureau was reorganized by the National Association of Engine and Boat Manufacturers and a group of insurance underwriters to provide a testing laboratory and labeling service for boats and their equipment .
A new waterfront site for the bureau is now being built at Atlantic City , New Jersey , to provide the most modern marine testing facilities as a further tool to keep the sport safe .
In addition to these activities , the NAEBM , with headquarters at 420 Lexington Avenue , New York City , as well as other associations and individual manufacturers , provide and distribute films , booklets , and public services in regard to proper boat handling and safety afloat .
It is important to note the work of the United States Power Squadrons and the U.S. Coast Guard Auxiliary .
Each of these fine groups gives free boating classes in seamanship piloting and small boat handling .
These are not governmentally subsidized organizations .
This year , over 100,000 persons will receive this free instruction .
As America on wheels was responsible for an industry of motor courts , motels , and drive-in establishments where you can dine , see a movie , shop , or make a bank deposit , the ever-increasing number of boating enthusiasts have sparked industries designed especially to accommodate them .
Instead of motels , for the boatman there are marinas .
The word marina was coined by NAEBM originally to describe a waterfront facility where recreational boats could find protection and basic needs to lay over in relative comfort .
Currently , marina is used to indicate a municipal or commercially operated facility where a pleasure boat may dock and find some or all of the following available : gasoline , fresh water , electricity , telephone service , ice , repair facilities , restaurants , sleeping accommodations , a general store , and a grocery store .
Yachtel , a relatively new word , indicates a waterfront type of hotel where a yachtsman may dock and find overnight accommodations on the premises as well as other services .
Boatel has a similar meaning to yachtel .
It indicates the same thing but it is meant to pertain more specifically to establishments designed to cater to smaller type boats such as outboards .
Regardless of nomenclature , yachtels and boatels are marinas .
Boatyards which also provide some of the above facilities may rightfully be called marinas .
A recent survey disclosed there are about 4,000 commercially and municipally operated marinas and boatyards in the United States , the majority of which are equipped to handle outboard boats .
The design of a mechanical interlocking frame is much like a mechanical puzzle , but once understood , the principles can be applied to any track and signal arrangement .
In the frame are two sets of bars which interact with each other to prevent the operator from making dangerous moves .
The main set of bars are the `` tappets '' and one tappet is connected to each lever .
If the lever is pulled to clear a signal or move a switch , the tappet moves a short distance lengthwise at the same time .
Close behind the plane of the tappets are the locking bars .
These can also move a short distance but at right angles to the tappets .
The number of locking bars required depends on how many false moves must be prevented .
In the sides of the tappets are notches with sloping sides , and connection between the tappets and locking bars consist of cams called `` dogs '' .
Two or more dogs are mounted on each locking bar .
These slide into and out of the notches in the tappets as the tappets are moved , locking and unlocking them .
Here's how the scheme works : Suppose the operator pulls the lever to clear a particular signal .
This also pulls the tappet connected to the particular lever and forces any dogs seated in the notches to the side , thus moving one or more locking bars .
The dogs on the other ends of these locking bars are thus forced into notches in other tappets .
By this scheme , pulling one signal to clear locks all the other switch and signal levers in safe positions until the first signal is again restored to normal .
Interlocking signals are normally at stop or `` red '' position , and a lever must be pulled to `` clear '' the signal .
This is not necessarily to green , however , for in some situations only a yellow indication is given to a train to let it into the `` plant '' .
There are other basic rules .
A turnout may have two levers , one to actually move the switch points , the other to lock the points .
A signal cannot be cleared until all the related turnouts are properly thrown and locked .
Such locks are nearly always used where the switch points `` face '' oncoming traffic .
The lock insures that the points are thrown all the way with no chance that a wheel flange will snag on a partly thrown point .
If the points aren't thrown all the way , the Turnout cannot be locked , and in turn , the signal cannot be cleared .
Generally , these locks on turnouts are called `` facing point locks '' .
Figs. 1-6 show typical arrangements of track and signals .
Each diagram is accompanied by a `` dog chart '' , a list of the levers that show which other levers any particular lever will lock if pulled .
The lines connecting the wedge-shaped dogs represent the locking bars at right angles to the tappet bars .
By studying the track-signal diagrams you'll note several other details .
Derails -- mechanical track devices that actually guide the wheels off the rails if a train passes a `` stop '' signal -- are used in many instances .
`` Home '' signals have two blades .
The blacked-in blades indicate a fixed aspect -- the blade does not move .
As an engineer approaches the plant the position of the home signal is seen in advance when he passes the `` distant '' signal located beyond the limits of the interlocking plant .
In some low-speed situations , the distant signal is fixed at caution .
In other instances where there is no automatic block signaling , the distant has only green and yellow aspects .
So much for the prototype .
The interlocking frame we built at the model railroader workshop and then installed on Paul Larson's railroad follows the Fig. 1 scheme and is shown beginning in Fig. 7 , page 65 , and in the photos .
Here's how it can be built .
Frame
The sizes of pieces needed for the interlocking frame are shown in the notes within Fig. 7 , most of the bars being 1/8'' '' brass in 1/4'' '' and 1/2'' '' widths .
You may change the dimensions to suit a frame for more or fewer levers and locks as you wish .
Our instructions assume you are building this particular frame , which is for a junction .
When cutting the pieces , dress the ends smooth , and square with a smooth file or sanding disk .
Start with the right-hand piece `` B '' , Af , soldering it to the lower piece `` A '' of the same material but 12'' '' long .
Let exactly 1'' '' of `` A '' extend beyond `` B '' and use a square to check your angle to exactly 90 degrees .
Now lay 12 pieces of Af cut 5-3/4'' '' long side by side but separated by 12 pieces of the same material 1/2'' '' sq. .
This gives you the spacing for locating the left-hand piece `` B '' .
Compress the assembly when you make the mark to show the location for `` B '' .
Solder this second `` B '' to `` A '' at right angles .
There should be 10'' '' between the two parallel members and each should be 1'' '' from an end of the long piece .
Cap this assembly ( with spacing bars in place ) with a Af bar .
Tack-solder all the 1/2'' '' sq. pieces to the 10'' '' and 12'' '' members .
These will be drilled and tapped later on .
Now cut five Af locking bar spacers ( which run horizontally ) .
Position these using six intermediate temporary Af spacers and locate the upper 12'' '' bar `` A '' .
Solder it and the five locking bar spacers to the frame .
Now place 12 pieces 1/2'' '' sq. on this edge as we did before and space them with the 5-3/4'' '' long `` tappets '' , as they are called .
Cap with a Af bar and tack-solder in place .
Cap the locking bar spacers with two Af directly under the first two `` B '' pieces .
Remove all the loose spacing bars .
Mark and center-punch all the holes required for screws to hold this assembly together .
See Fig. 7 .
Placement of these holes is not critical , but they should be located so that the centers are about 1/8'' '' from any edge .
Drill all No. 50 and counter-drill all except the `` A '' pieces size 43 .
Tap the `` A '' pieces 2-56 .
Now unsolder and disassemble the frame except for the two 12'' '' and the first two 3-3/4'' '' bars ( `` A '' and `` B '' pieces ) , which are soldered together .
Either lay the components aside in proper order or code them with numbers and letters so they may be replaced in their proper positions .
Dress all surfaces with a file , cleaning off all solder and drilling burrs .
Drill 20 No. 47 holes in the upper piece `` A '' as shown in Fig. 7 .
Tap these 3-48 for mounting the electrical contact later on .
Note , 6 and 8 lock levers don't require holes for contacts .
Now reassemble the frame , using Af roundhead steel screws and nuts .
Put the 12 tappets and some Af locking bar spacers in the frame to help align all the components before you tighten the screws .
Be sure the tappets are not pinched by a twisted 1/2'' '' sq. spacer .
As an anchor for the spring lock , insert a Af bar in the lower left corner of the frame as shown in Fig. 7 .
Drill a No. 43 hole through the pieces and secure with a 2-56 nut and screw .
Drill two No. 50 holes , one in the insert and one in the locking bar spacer directly above it , and tap 2-56 .
Number all the tappet bars before removing them so they can be replaced in the same slots .
Remove all other loose pieces and file the edges of the basic frame smooth .
Cut five pieces of Af brass bar stock 3-3/4'' '' long .
These are supporting members for the short locking bars .
Locate their positions in Fig. 7 and drill No. 43 to match the corresponding holes in the frame .
Cut off excess screw lengths and file flush with either frame or nut .
Drill four No. 19 and four No. 28 holes in the 12'' '' long `` A '' pieces .
Locate the position from Fig. 7 .
Tappets and locking bars
Draw-file No. 1 tappet to a smooth fit in its respective slot and square the ends .
Break the end corners with a slight 45 degree chamfer .
Drill a No. 50 hole 1-1/4'' '' from one end and tap 2-56 .
( See Fig. 7 .
) Put a 2-56 roundhead screw into the hole , cut off the excess threads and file flush with the underside of the bar .
To find the other stop screw position , insert the tappet into the frame and hold the screw head tight against the frame edge .
Scribe a line across the bar on the other end of the tappet , 1/4'' '' plus half the diameter of the 2-56 screw head ( about 5/64'' '' ) away from the frame edge .
Total distance is about 21/64'' '' .
Tend to make this dimension slightly undersize so you can file the screw head to get exactly 1/4'' '' tappet movement .
Drill a No. 50 hole , tap 2-56 and insert a roundhead 2-56 screw as you did on the first end .
Drill a No. 47 hole crosswise through the tappet at the position shown in Figs. 7 and 8 .
Repeat these drill and tap operations for each of the tappet bars .
To each tappet except 6 and 8 , solder a Af piece of brass and file to the tapered shape shown in Figs. 6 and 8 .
These will serve as lifting pads for the electrical contacts .
Fitting the locking bars and making the locking pieces is a rather tedious job since stop screws , tappets and locking bars must be removed and replaced many times .
As the work progresses the frame and moving parts become a sort of Chinese puzzle where several pieces must be removed before the part you are working on is accessible .
A little extra work here will pay off with a smooth , snug-fitting machine when you are finished .
Each completed locking bar should remain in place as the work progresses to insure snug fitting .
The order of fitting is not too important .
However , we started with the first row of bars and worked our way back .
Since the same method of shaping and fitting the dogs and notches is used throughout , we will only describe the construction of one locking bar .
Figs. 7 and 8 give all pertinent dimensions .
All the bars are cut from Af brass .
The lengths of each piece are listed at the bottom of Fig. 7 .
Bar `` C '' is 2-3/4'' '' long .
Draw-file the edges , square up the ends and put a slight chamfer on the edges so they will not snag in the frame .
Fig. 8 gives the dimensions for locating the dog-pin holes .
Center-punch and drill the No. 31 hole 7/16'' '' from one end of the bar .
Chuck a length of 1/8'' '' dia. drill rod into a drill press or some similar turning device and while it is rotating file the end square and then file a slight taper 1/8'' '' long .
Cut the piece about 9/32'' '' or 5/16'' '' long and drive it into the No. 31 hole drilled in the locking bar .
File the bottom edge flush with the bar and the top 1/8'' '' above the bar .
This dog will engage a notch to be cut in tappet 3 .
Place the locking bar in proper position and insert tappet 3 .
Scribe a line through the center of the pin and across the face of tappet 3 , parallel to piece `` A '' .
See the drawings for the shape of the notch .
Scribe V-shaped lines on the bar and rough out with either a hack saw or a cutting disk in a hand power tool .
We used the latter equipped with a carborundum disk about
'' thick and 1'' '' dia. fitted on a 1/8'' '' dia. mandrel .
Such disks are very handy for cutting and shaping small parts .
File to a smooth finish .
A Barrette Swiss pattern file is handy since its triangular shape with only one cutting face will allow you to work a surface without marring an adjoining one .
Endeavor to get the notches as much alike as possible .
The notch should have a smooth finish so that the steel dog will slide easily over it .
Assemble the parts in the frame and test the sliding action of the mating pieces .
All matching surfaces should be checked frequently and mated on a cut and fit basis .
Chuck a 2'' '' or 3'' '' piece of 1/8'' '' dia. drill rod in a drill press or electric hand tool .
Fashion a sharp scribing point about 3/64'' '' long on one end , using Swiss pattern files .
This tool can also be made with a lathe .
Scientists say that the world and everything in it are based on mathematics .
Without math the men who are continually seeking the causes of and the reasons for the many things that make the world go 'round would not have any means of analyzing , standardizing , and communicating the things they discover and learn .
Math and the formulas that allow it to be applied to different problems are , therefore , essential to any scientific endeavor .
Hot rodding is a science .
It's not a science as involved as determining what makes the earth rotate on its axis or building a rocket or putting a satellite into orbit but it is , nevertheless , a science .
But because science is based on mathematics doesn't mean that a hot rodder must necessarily be a mathematician .
A guy can be an active and successful hot rodder for years without becoming even remotely involved with mathematical problems ; ;
however , he will have a clearer understanding of what he is doing and the chances are he will be more successful if he understands the few formulas that apply to rodding .
A mathematical formula is nothing more than a pattern for solving a specific problem .
It places the various factors involved in the problem in their correct order in relation to each other so that the influence of factors on each other can be computed .
The first step in using a formula is to insert the numerical values of the factors involved in their correct positions in the formula .
This changes the formula to an `` equation '' .
The equation is used for the mathematical process of solving the problem .
Equations for rodding formulas are not complicated .
They involve only simple mathematics that are taught in grammar school arithmetic classes .
However , it is essential that the various mathematical symbols used in the equations be understood so that the mathematical processes can be done properly and in their correct order .
They indicate simple division , multiplication , subtraction , and addition .
The symbol for division is a straight line that separates two numbers placed one above the other .
The lower number is always divided into the upper number : Af
.
The symbol for multiplication is `` **b '' .
It is used to separate two or more numbers in a row .
For example : Af .
Numbers to be multiplied together may be multiplied in any order .
The result will be the same regardless of the order used .
The symbol for subtraction is the standard minus sign .
This is nothing more than a dash .
It separates two or more numbers .
The number on the right of the symbol is always subtracted from the number on the left of the symbol .
For example : Af .
When more than two figures are separated by subtraction symbols the subtraction must be carried out from the left to right if the result is to be correct .
For example , for the problem Af , 10 from 25 equals 15 , then 6 from 15 equals 9 .
Addition is indicated by the + symbol .
The symbol is used to separate two or more numbers .
For example : Af .
Numbers separated by addition symbols may be placed in any order .
When solving an equation that involves division as well as other steps , do all the division steps first to reduce those parts of the equation to their numerical value .
Multiplication , subtraction , and addition can then be accomplished as they appear in the equation by starting at the left end of the equation and working toward the right .
Completing the division first also includes those division parts that require multiplication , subtraction , or addition steps : Af .
This would be reduced by multiplying 8 times 6 and then dividing the product by 12 .
This part of the equation would then become 4 .
For use in formulas , fractions should be converted to their decimal equivalents .
The easiest way to do this is with a conversion chart .
Charts for this purpose are available from many sources .
They are included in all types of mathematical handbooks and they are stamped on some types of precision measuring instruments .
The various mathematical processes can be simplified by carrying the results to only two or three decimal places .
Shortening the results in this manner will not have any detrimental effect on the accuracy of the final result .
Some formulas contain `` constants '' .
A constant is a number that remains the same regardless of the other numbers used in the formula and the resultant equation .
It is a number without which the equation cannot be solved correctly .
Rodding formulas apply to many phases of the sport .
The answers they give can often pave the way to performance increases and , quite often , are necessary for completing entry blanks for different events .
When it is needed , one formula is as important as another .
However , some formulas are used more than others .
We'll take them in the general order of their popularity .
Engine displacement
A rodder should be able to compute the displacement of his engine .
Displacement is sometimes referred to as `` swept volume '' .
Most entry blanks for competitive events require engine displacement information because of class restrictions .
It is good to be able to compute displacement so that changes in it resulting from boring and stroking can be computed .
Factors involved in the displacement formula are the bore diameter of the engine's cylinders , the length of the piston stroke , the number of cylinders in the engine , and a constant .
The constant is , which is one-quarter of 3.1416 , another constant known as `` pi '' .
Pi is used in formulas concerned with the dimensions of circles .
Actually , the engine displacement formula is the standard formula for computing the volume of a cylinder of any type with an added factor that represents the number of cylinders in the engine .
The cross-sectional area of the cylinders is determined and then the volume of the individual cylinders is computed by multiplying the area by the stroke length , which is the equivalent of the length of the cylinders .
Multiplying the result by the number of cylinders in the engine gives the engine's total displacement .
The formula is : Af .
Dimensions in inches , and fractions of inches will give the displacement in cubic inches .
Dimensions in centimeters and fractions of centimeters will give the displacement in cubic centimeters ( cc. ) .
One inch equals 2.54 centimeters : one cubic inch equals 16.38 cubic centimeters .
For example , let's consider a standard 283 cubic inch Chevy Aj .
These engines have a cylinder diameter of 3-7/8 inches and a stroke length of 3 inches .
The formula , with the fractions converted to decimals , becomes Af .
To arrive at the answer , multiply the numbers together by starting at the left of the group and working to the right .
The different steps will look like this : Af
.
Compression ratio
A cylinder's compression ratio is computed by comparing the cylinder's volume , or its displacement , with the total volume of the cylinder and its combustion chamber .
Cylinder volume can be determined mathematically but combustion chamber volume must be measured with a liquid .
Cylinder volume is determined in exactly the same manner as for the displacement formula : Af .
To measure the volume of one of the combustion chambers in the cylinder head , install the valves and spark plug in the chamber and support the head so that its gasket surface is level .
Then pour water or light oil from a graduated beaker into the chamber to fill the chamber to its gasket surface .
Do not overfill the chamber .
This is possible with water and other liquids that have a high surface tension .
Such liquids will rise to a considerable height above the surface around the chamber before they will flow out of the chamber .
The amount of liquid poured into the chamber is determined by subtracting the quantity still in the beaker when the chamber is full from the original quantity .
Most beakers are graduated in cubic centimeters ( cc. ) , making it necessary to convert the result to cubic inches .
However , the displacement of the cylinder can be converted to cubic centimeters .
The compression ratio arrived at with the formula will be the same regardless of whether cubic inches or cubic centimeters are used .
The only precaution is that all volumes used in the formula be quoted in the same terms .
The volume of the cylinder opening in the head gasket must be computed by multiplying its area in square inches by the gasket's thickness in thousandths of an inch .
Sometimes it is necessary to roughly calculate the square inch area of the opening but the calculation can usually be made with sufficient accuracy that it won't affect the final computation .
The volume of the opening is added to the combustion chamber volume .
Another thing that must be taken into consideration is the volume of the area between the top of the piston and the top of the cylinder block when the piston is in top dead center position .
Compute this volume by measuring the distance from the top of the block to the piston head as accurately as possible with a depth micrometer or some other precision measuring device and then multiply the area of the cylinder by the depth .
The formula for this step is : Af .
This volume is added to the total volume of the combustion chamber and head gasket opening .
The total of these three volumes is the `` final combustion chamber volume '' .
After the factors just described have been computed , they are applied to the following formula : Af
.
For an example let's dream up an engine that has a final combustion chamber volume of 5 cubic inches and a cylinder volume of 45 cubic inches .
Applying these figures to the formula we get the equation : Af .
The compression ratio is 10 to 1 .
This method of computing compression ratio cannot be used accurately for engines that have pistons with either domed or irregularly shaped heads .
Any irregularity on the piston heads will make it impossible , with normal means , to determine the final combustion chamber volume because the volume displaced by the piston heads cannot be readily computed .
The only way to determine the final combustion chamber volume when such pistons are used is by measuring it with liquid while the cylinder head is bolted to the cylinder block and the piston is in top dead center position .
Gear ratio -- speed relationships
There are four versions of the formula that involves the relationships of car speed , engine speed , rear axle gear ratio , and rear tire size .
By using the appropriate version any one of these factors can be determined for any combination of the other three .
To simplify the formulas a representative symbol is substituted for each of the factors .
These are
MPH for Car speed
, for Engine crankshaft speed
, for Rear axle gear ratio
, for Tire size
.
Tire size can be determined in several ways but the one that is the easiest and as accurate as any is by measuring the effective radius of a wheel and tire assembly .
This is done by measuring the distance from the surface on which the tire is resting to the center of the rear axle shaft .
A tire must be inflated to its normal hot operating pressure and the car must be loaded to its operating weight when this measurement is made .
The measurement must be in inches .
Any fraction of an inch involved in the measurement must be converted to a decimal equivalent to simplify the mathematics .
When tire size is measured in this manner a constant of 168 is used in the formula .
To determine car speed for a given combination of engine speed , gear ratio , and tire size , the formula is : Af .
For an engine speed of 5000 rpm , a gear ratio of 4.00 to 1 , and a tire radius of 13 inches , the equation would look like this : Af
.
To determine engine speed for a given combination of the other three factors the formula is : Af .
Using the same figures as for the previous example , the equation becomes : Af
.
To determine the rear axle gear ratio for a combination of the other three factors , the formula is : Af .
Using the figures from the previous examples , the equation becomes : Af .
Orlando , Fla. , Feb. 2
-- The best 2-year-old pacing mile up to date at Ben White Raceway has been that of Mary Liner ( Mainliner-Highland Ellen ) , a member of the Dick Williams stable , who was clocked 2:25 .
She is owned by Ralph H. Kroening , Milwaukee , Wis. , who , according to the railbirds , can feel justly proud of her .
Other good miles have been by Debonnie ( Dale Frost-Debby Hanover ) and Prompt Time ( Adios-On Time ) in 2:28-:36 ; ;
Kimberly Gal ( Galophone-Kimberly Hanover ) 2:26.2 ; ;
Laguerre Hanover ( Tar Heel-Lotus Hanover ) and Monel ( Tar Heel-Miracle Byrd ) in 2:34 .
Laguerre Hanover is outstanding in type and conformation -- good body , plenty of heart girth , stands straight on his legs on excellent feet -- and has the smoothest gait .
This colt is behind most of the other 2-year-olds in the Simpson stable but can show about as much pace as any of them .
Monel shows improvement with each work-out and looks the makings of a good brood mare after winning her share of races .
Stardel ( Star's Pride-Starlette Hanover ) , 2:34 , looks quite promising .
Fury Hanover ( Hoot Mon-Fay ) , Caper ( Hoot Mon-Columbia Hanover ) and Isaac ( Hoot Mon-Goddess Hanover ) has been working together but have not equalled their best work done some weeks ago .
Fury and Caper worked in 2:35 and did it with ease .
They are two good colts of different type .
Fury is upstanding and on the rangy side , and Caper is more the compact type .
I have never seen Caper off his feet -- he seems to know nothing but ' trot ' and keeps trying a little harder if asked to do so .
Fury has made a few mistakes but looks like a wonderful prospect , with his impressive gait and stride which certainly make him cover the ground .
Trackdown ( Torrid-Mighty Lady ) has worked a mile in 2:33.3 .
It took this colt several weeks to strike a pace .
Then , after emasculation , he was eased up for a couple of weeks .
He has thrived on all he has gone through and looks the makings of a good little race horse .
Thor Hanover ( Adios-Trustful Hanover ) is a wonderful looking prospect and another good individual , with solid , rugged conformation , good , flat bone and excellent feet .
This colt arrived at the Raceway early last November , and immediately was put into harness and line-driven for a few days , and then put to cart and broken in very nicely , knowing nothing but trot .
He appeared in the hopples about November 14 , was treated for worms on the 18th , the latter date being the first time he struck a real pace .
On December 5 he paced a mile in 55 on the twice-around , out in third position all the way .
This colt has done everything asked of him , and done it with ease .
His best mile to date is 2:32.2 .
Gamecock ( Tar Heel-Terka Hanover ) is another promising colt , and his best time is 2:32.2 .
This is one of the best-tempered Tar Heels ever at the center .
The first time he was harnessed he stood like a gentle old mare ; ;
the crupper under his tail seemed to be old stuff .
The fourth time in harness he walked off like a gentleman .
Being blistered for curbs has delayed his work somewhat .
But up to date he has shown as much as any in the big Simpson stable .
Hustler ( Knight Dream-Torkin ) is a playful bay rascal of a colt , not the best gaited , but he surely can pace and is right there with them , and sometimes leading them , in the best miles .
Torrid Freight ( Torrid-Breeze On Hal ) is a very rugged , strong-made colt with a wonderful stride who has done with ease everything asked of him .
His best time is around 2:33 .
Strongheart ( Adios-Direct Gal ) , a fair-looking sorrel colt , knows nothing but pace and has been right there in the best miles .
Torrid Adios ( Torrid-Adios Molly ) is not so masculine as most of the colts , but I like his type and he certainly is one of the best-gaited pacers on the grounds .
Blistered for curbs and laid off three weeks , he is coming along fine and looks like a pacer to me .
First Flyer ( Frisco Flyer-Castle Light ) looks like a splendid candidate for the Illinois Stakes .
His best time is 2:33.2 .
The colts in Simpson's stable have little if anything on the fillies , especially the pacers .
Justine Hanover ( Sampson Hanover-Justitia Hanover ) is improving with each work-out and paced 2:32.4 weeks ago .
Mrs. Freight ( Knight Dream-Miss Reed ) shows promise and does it in good form , and her best time is about 2:35 .
Hoopla ( Tar Heel-Holiday Hanover ) , a filly that wanted to trot , knocked herself October 31 and November 1 fighting the hopples .
She was then trained on the trot until December 29 , hitched to a breaking cart once around the half-mile track and hoppled again .
This time she submitted and in a few days was going good .
On January 11 she paced a mile in 2:43.1--:38 ; ;
on Jan. 18 2:37.3--:36.1 ; ;
on Jan. 21 , , 2:36 .
This filly is a much better individual than either of her full-sisters , Valentine Day and Cerise -- more scale and much better underpinning .
She is more like her full brother , Taraday Hanover , but larger .
Up to date she is a grand-looking filly .
Pete Dailey has four promising 2-year-old pacers .
Marquis Pick ( Gene Abbe-Direct Grattan ) seems to be the pick of the stable at the present time .
He is a fine-looking colt with a good body , good set of legs and nice way of going .
His best mile to date is 2:28-:33 .
Majestic Pick comes next , with a mile in 2:30-:33.2 .
This colt is another fine-looking equine .
Staley Hanover ( Knight Dream-Sweetmite Hanover ) is a little on the small side but a very compact colt and looks like one to stand training and many future battles with colts in his class .
Best time to date is 2:34-:34 .
Step Aside ( Direct Rhythm-Wily Widow ) has worked in 2:32 on the half-mile track and shows promise .
Most of Billy Haughton's 2-year-olds have worked from 2:40 to 2:35 .
Bonnie Wick ( Gene Abbe-Scotch Mary ) has gone in 2:36 ; ;
Hickory Ash ( Titan Hanover-Misty Hanover ) in 2:35 .
The first time I saw the latter filly she trotted by me and I noticed such a family resemblance that I said to myself , `` that must be Hickory Ash '' .
She is a beautiful filly and likes to trot .
Hickory Hill ( Star's Pride-Venus Hanover ) has gone in 2:33 ; ;
Hickory Spark ( Harlan-Hickory Tiny ) 2:37 ; ;
Buxton Hanover ( Tar Heel-Beryl Hanover ) 2:35 ; ;
Faber's Kathy ( Faber Hanover-Ceyway ) 2:37 ; ;
Honor Rodney ( Rodney-Honor Bright ) around 2:40 .
The last-named is a fine-looking , large colt , who has been unfortunate to be laid off for some time due to injuries .
He is going sound again now , and looks good .
Brief Candle ( Harlan-Marcia ) has gone in 2:37 ; ;
Lena Faber ( Faber Hanover-Chalidale Lena ) 2:33 ; ;
Martha Rodney ( Rodney-Miss Martha D. ) 2:35 ; ;
Checkit ( Faber Hanover-Supermarket ) 2:35 ; ;
Charm Rodney ( Rodney-The Charmer ) 2:37 ; ;
Fair Sail ( Farvel-Topsy Herring ) 2:36 ; ;
Custom Maid ( Knight Dream-Way Dream ) 2:34.2 ; ;
Jacky Dares ( ( Meadow Gene-Princess Lorraine ) 2:36 ; ;
Good Flying ( Good Time-Olivette Hanover ) 2:36 ; ;
Bordner Hanover ( Tar Heel-Betty Mahone ) 2:34 ; ;
Faber's Choice ( Faber Hanover-Sally Joe Whippet ) 2:36 ; ;
Invercalt ( Florican-Inverness ) 2:35 ; ;
Duffy Dares ( Meadow Gene-Princess Mite ) 2:36 ; ;
Harold J. ( Worthy Boy-Lady Scotland ) 2:36 ; ;
Knightfall ( Knight Dream-Miss Worthy Grapes ) 2:36 ; ;
Next Knight ( Knight Dream-Next Time ) 2:36 ; ;
Trader Jet ( Florican-My Precious ) 2:37 ; ;
Trader Rich ( Worthy Boy-Marquita Hanover ) 2:37 ; ;
Good Little Girl ( Good Time-Mynah Hanover ) 2:36 ; ;
Iosola Hanover ( Kimberly Kid-Isoletta Hanover ) 2:36 .
The last-named is one of the favorites in the stable , and the boys like her very much .
I will be able to tell you more about this string of equines in the near future .
I have just seen Debonnie and Prompt Time work a mile in 2:34 , last quarter in :35.3 .
In going away Debonnie got behind several lengths , stalling at the start -- she is a little fussy .
They left the three-quarters together and finished almost together .
Prompt Time shows class .
This filly is another Adios that wants to trot , and trot she did until forced to do otherwise .
After well broken and equipped with 12-oz. shoes on behind , bare-footed in front , she would trot a real storm with the master , Delvin , driving .
Being placed in the hopples she was completely baffled .
She hesitated , she hopped , she rolled and rocked , skipped and jumped , but in some two weeks she started to pace , From that time to this she has shown steady improvement and now looks like one of the classiest things on the grounds .
Rain on Friday prevented many workouts , but there were a few miles of note on Thursday .
Those responsible included Stardel Hanover ( Star's Pride-Starlette Hanover ) , 2:30-:34.3 ; ;
Lorena Gallon ( Bill Gallon-Loren Hanover ) , 2:30-:34.3 ; ;
Prudent Hanover ( Dean Hanover-Precious Hanover ) , 2:30.3-:35.3 ; ;
Premium Freight ( Titan Hanover-Pebble Hanover ) , 2:30.3-35.3 ; ;
Laguerre Hanover ( ( Tar Heel-Lotus Hanover ) , 2:30.3-:36.1 ; ;
Monel ( Tar Heel-Miracle Byrd ) , 2:30.3-:36.1 ; ;
Fury Hanover ( Hoot Mon-Fay ) , 2:30.3-:36 ; ;
Isaac ( Hoot Mon-Goddess Hanover ) , 2:30.3-:36 ; ;
Caper ( Hoot Mon-Columbia Hanover ) , 2:30.3-:36 ; ;
Lucky Freight ( Knight Dream-Lusty Helen ) , 2:31.3-:35.3 .
Sam Caton's Butterwyn ( Scotch Victor-Butler Wyn ) , a light bay filly , knows nothing but trot and has worked on the half-mile in 2:30-:36 .
Riverboat ( Dalzell-Cousin Rachel ) has gone in 2:38 .
Sam is having his troubles with Layton Hanover ( Dean Hanover-Lucy Hanover ) , but hopes to have him straightened out and going before long .
Jimmy Jordon is high on Adios Scarlet ( Adios-Rena Grattan ) and she sure looks good as she goes by .
Her best time to date is about 2:30 .
He also likes Hampton Hanover ( Titan Hanover-Bertie Hanover ) 2:37 .
Cathy J. Hanover ( Tar Heel-Kaola Hanover ) , formerly called Karet Hanover , has been rather a problem child , but is getting better all the while and can pace a twice around in about 2:31 .
Armbro Comet ( Nibble Hanover-Mauri Hanover ) has been in 2:38 .
Flick Nipe's and Neil Engle's Miss Phone ( Galophone-Prissy Miss ) is a fine-looking filly with good disposition and good gait , and she has worked up to date in 2:46 .
Del Mar , Calif. , Feb. 3
-- After 52 rainless days , moisture finally came to Del Mar , resulting in but one workout during the week for most of the horses , and leaving us with less than half our total average rainfall during the season .
While 2-year-olds are still gaining most of the attention at the track , green horses are starting to go a bit , and Jimmy Cruise has several that can really make it .
Work-outs for the week are as follows : Plain Scotch , 3 ( by Scotch Victor ) , Demon Law , 3 ( by Demon Hanover ) , Coffee Royal , p ( by Royal Blackstone ) and Beauty Way , p , 3 ( by Demon Hanover ) in 25 ; ;
Eddie Duke , p , 3 ( by Duke Of Lullwater ) , Marilyn C. , p ( by Sampson Hanover ) and Chalidale Barry , 5 ( by King's Ransom ) in 2:20 ; ;
Tiger Hanover , p , 3 ( by Adios ) in 2:26 ; ;
Sherwood Lass , 4 ( by Victory Song ) in 2:22 ; ;
and Dauntless , 3 ( by Greentree Adios ) in 2:32 .
For the aged horses : Mr. Budlong , p , 2:00.2 , Lottie Thomas , p , 2:04.2 , Mighty Signal 2:03 , Clever Braden , p , 2:01.1 , and Glow Star , p , 2:02.3 have been in 2:35 ; ;
Miss Demon Abbe , p , 1:59.3 has trotted in 2:26 , and is expected to race at this gait ; ;
Carter Creed , p , 3 , 2:01.1 , Great Lullwater 2:00.3 , and Hi Jay , p , 2:05.1 have been in 2:30 ; ;
Tanker T. , 3 , 2:05.3 is now wearing hopples and has trained in 2:19 ; ;
Stormy Dream , p , 2:01.3 , Demon Abbe , p , 2:02 , Dundeen B. , 4 , 2:04.2 , Claudia's Song , 3 , 2:06.3 , and ( Jet Fire , 4 , 2:02.2 have been in 2:25 ; ;
Maria Key , 2 , 2:06 looked great in 2:22 ; ;
Mocking Byrd , p , 2:01.1 has been in 2:12 , with a racing date approaching at Bay Meadows .
Dewey Urban has a clever green trotter in Dr. Orin I. , 3 ( by Yankee Hanover ) , his latest mile in 2:20 ; ;
Victory Sun , p , 2:04 has trained in 2:24 ; ;
Early Sun , p , 2:02.3 , Chester Maid 2:05 , Dark Sun , p , 2:06.1 , and Sun Tan Maid 2:05.2 have been in 2:21 .
The average reader of this magazine owns more than one gun ( we ran a survey to find out ) but he's always on the lookout for new and better arms .
He's more than a reader of outdoor articles ; ;
he's a real hunter and shooter , eager to improve his sport .
Well , if you're that kind of sportsman we're here to help you .
You've probably given a lot of Christmas-season thought to the guns in your rack , but it's not easy to decide on a new one .
You still have time to drop a few hints about the gifts you'd appreciate most ; ;
the time to decide on them is now .
As a Christmas service , I've taken a close look at this year's crop of new models .
Here they are , with my comments and judgments .
Read on , take your pick -- and start dropping those hints .
First on my own list would be two arms -- a rifle and a handgun -- that qualify as new in the strictest sense .
For me , a changed barrel length or an improved stock doesn't constitute a truly new design .
Such modifications are all for the best but it takes something as different as a Deerstalker or a Jet to change arms-making concepts .
Bill Ruger's long-awaited Deerstalker ( under $110 ) is a new rifle action in a caliber that upsets all the modern theory of high-velocity fans ; ;
it's a short , light , quick-handling , fast-firing little timber gun designed to push a heavy slug at modest velocity but with lots of killing power and ample range for our most popular big game -- whitetail .
Ruger reports that on his recent African safari the little Magnum cartridge was a real work horse .
Small antelope were generally grassed with one shot , and the Magnum carbine also bagged reedbuck , kob and wart hog with deadly efficiency ; ;
these are fairly large , tough animals .
The deadliness of the Magnum in a rifle comes as no surprise to me .
At least five years ago , Tom Robinson of Marlin made up an over/under double rifle for me in this caliber , using the now defunct Model 90 action in 20-gauge size .
After figuring out how to regulate the barrels so that they shot to the same point of impact , we fired this little 20-inch-barrel job on my home range and in Marlin's underground test gallery .
We quickly ran into the same trouble that plagued Bill Ruger in his first experiments : Three or four bullets would be placed well in a six-inch bull at 100 yards and then , unaccountably , one could stray far out of the group .
Ruger learned that this was because the higher velocity achieved in a long barrel was upsetting the shape of the unjacketed revolver bullet .
The new , jacketed slug in Magnum corrected this .
But even without jacketed bullets , I had enough faith in my double to take it on an opening-day deer hunt that first year .
Within half an hour I jumped a six-point buck that hop-skipped through a rhododendron thicket , and I caught him just behind the left foreleg at 60 yards .
He moved only about 30 feet after the 240-grain slug hit him -- and this was after the bullet had passed through a sapling .
Three more deer have fallen to this same gun , and all were one-shot kills .
My double was made with standard-weight revolver barrels ( before cutting to revolver length ) , and although it compares well in other respects , it's considerably heavier than the Deerstalker , which only scales about 6-1/2 pounds .
If ever a rifle met the needs of the whitetail hunter , this is it .
The Deerstalker points with the ease , speed and precision of a fine imported double shotgun , and its trigger pull is light and sharp .
The 240-grain bullet leaves the muzzle at 1,850 fps , which gives it all the smash needed at woods ranges .
With five shots at the immediate command of the hunter's trigger finger , the gun and load are a deadly combination .
The second really new development this year was a revolver handling a different sort of varmint load -- the
Remington Jet Magnum Center Fire .
At present it's available in one model , the fine and familiar Smith & Wesson Magnum revolver ( about $110 ) , long a top-quality handgun among target arms .
The velocity of this
, 40-grain bullet is rated at a very hot 2,460 fps , and it's the flattest shooting of any revolver cartridge , with a mid-range rise of about an inch over a 100-yard range .
This is a varmint load , pure and simple ; ;
it's much too explosive for small edible game .
It can cut a red squirrel neatly in two or burst a crow into a flurry of feathers .
The most intriguing aspect of the S & W Magnum chambered for the new Jet is that it can also fire standard
rim-fires by means of adapter sleeves in the chambers .
You may therefore convert the gun into a small-game and plinking arm , although the difference in the point of impact ( Jet vs. rim-fire ) can be somewhat disconcerting .
The accuracy of the Jet cartridge is fine ; ;
I tested it in my scoped S & W and it was good enough to allow me to hit a chuck with every shot at 100 yards if I did my part by holding the handgun steadily .
Hunting rifles , '61
The fact that the Deerstalker and the Jet were the only completely new designs this year doesn't mean that 1961 didn't see changes in models , actions and calibers .
Aside from the Ruger carbine , a number of hunting rifles have been introduced for the first time .
Here are the brands ( in alphabetical order ) and the new models .
Newcomers to the American hunter are the Browning group of bolt-action , high-power rifles .
They have fine FN actions and a better-than-average finish on both the metal and the stock wood .
Barrel weights vary sensibly with the various calibers available , and these include the standard bores ( about $165 ) plus the Magnums ( around $170 ) ; ;
the latter include the
, S & H , , and .
Shotgun-type rubber recoil pads are standard on all of the Magnums except the
.
Stock designs are excellent for use with scopes .
Colt's center-fire 1961 rifles are all made with Sako actions , regardless of caliber .
The
have the short action ; ;
the
and , the medium action , and the
, Af and the Magnums , the long action ( about $135 for the Standard Coltsman and $200 for the Custom version ) .
Previously , FN actions were used for the larger cartridges .
High Standard has introduced a
auto , the Sport-King , in two grades -- field and special ( less than $45 and just over $45 , respectively ) .
It's a streamlined rifle , fast and well-made .
Among
Magnum Rim-Fire rifles , 1961's lone newcomer was the Kodiak Model 260 autoloader ( around $60 ) .
Previously known as Jefferson Arms , Kodiak has given this 11-shot hammerless job an exceptionally fine stock design , and the 260 is the first autoloader to handle
Magnum rim-fires .
Marlin has made two contributions to the harvest of new offerings .
The Model 99 ( under $45 ) is a light-weight , streamlined
rim-fire auto with a tubular magazine that holds 18 Long Rifles .
It's extremely accurate for an auto , and the test rifle I tried was completely trouble-free in functioning .
The 989 ( about $40 ) is an even newer
auto , this one with a seven- or 12-shot clip .
Once again the Mossberg Targo outfit has appeared , but this time as a bolt-action rifle-shotgun combination .
The bore is unrifled but is provided with an insert tube which is rifled and which , surprisingly , gives pretty fair accuracy even though it's only 3-1/2 inches long .
You can unscrew this tube and replace it with a smoothbore insert for use with
shotshells -- to break the little Targo clay targets .
A trap for throwing these miniature clays fastens to the barrel so that the shooter can throw his own targets .
A spring trap for solid mounting and a regular hand trap are also available .
You can have your choice of a seven-shot repeater , the 340TR ( about $40 ) or a single-shot , the 320TR ( $10 less ) .
The Targo is a good outfit for fun shooting or for economic wing-shooting practice , but it's tougher than it looks to run up a score on the clay birds .
They'll travel 50 feet or more when thrown from the spring trap but it's almost impossible to break one after it passes the 35-foot mark .
The combination of thin pattern and very tiny pellets makes it necessary to get on the birds , right now ! !
Big Magnum calibers appeared in the Remington line for 1961 , with the addition of the and to the list of Model 725's .
These are made on special order only , in Kodiak grade ( about $310 ) , with integral muzzle brakes and heavy rubber recoil pads ; ;
they weigh around nine pounds .
A shortened version of the highly regarded Remington 742 autoloader also appeared in 1961 .
This carbine ( under $140 , about $15 more for a deluxe grade ) has an 18-1/2-inch barrel and was obviously inspired by the popularity of last year's Model 760 pump with a short-barrel .
This design is hard to beat for timber hunting or for packing in a saddle scabbard .
Presently , the 742C is available in Af .
The latest versions of the famous Savage Model 99 are the 99 Featherweight ( about $125 ) and the 99 Deluxe ( under $135 ) , which have a top-tang safety and improved trigger design .
The replacement of the slide-lock side safety catch will make this lever-action favorite more appealing than ever since the new safety is easier and faster to operate .
Beginners' guns , '61
A fresh crop of beginners' guns showed up in 1961 , and they're good bets for your Christmas gift list if you're wondering what to get for a youngster .
The most unusual of them is the Ithaca 49 ( about $20 , $5 for a saddle scabbard ) -- a lever-action single-shot patterned after the famous Winchester lever-action and featuring the Western look .
Because of its traditional lines , it probably has more kid appeal than any other model .
The action is a drop-block , handling all the standard
rim-fires .
Marlin's latest is also designed for the beginning shooter , although it's a full-sized rifle with plenty of barrel weight and ample stock .
This is the Model 122 ( about $20 ) ; ;
it's a single-shot bolt-action with an automatic safety -- i.e. , the safety goes on every time the bolt is lifted and the gun cocked for the next shot .
Stock design is excellent , and this model is a good first gun .
Another boy's model is the
single-shot Remington 514C ( around $20 ) , which comes with a 21-inch barrel and a short -- 12-1/2-inch -- stock ; ;
it's just right for a boy of 12-1/2 .
A beginner's shotgun has also been introduced this year .
The single-barrel Stevens 940Y ( under $35 ) is made with a side lever rather than a top-tang lever because many youngsters aren't strong enough to operate a top tang to open a gun -- and the side lever does indeed open very easily .
This gun has a 12-1/2-inch stock and is available in either 20 or gauge .
There's another addition to the Stevens line , the pump-action Model 77 in ( under $75 ) , which you may or may not consider a kid's gun ; ;
many experienced hunters like this gauge and type of scattergun too .
Shotguns , '61
Although there were no startling developments in shotgun design this year , a number of new models and variations of existing models did hit the market .
For example , a Browning trap version of the Superposed over/under , the Broadway ( from $350 up , depending on grade ) , differs from standard models in that it is equipped with a full beavertail fore end , a cushion recoil pad and a barrel-wide ventilated rib for fast sighting .
The Colt line now includes a new scattergun , the Standard or Custom Pump Model ( about $90 and $150 , respectively ) in 12 , 16 and 20 .
Firearms International has introduced another import , this one from Finland .
It's the Valmet ( about $170 ) , a 12-gauge over/under very much like the old Remington 32 -- which was so fine a gun that today a used one still brings high prices .
High Standard has also added two models to its line .
The Supermatic Trophy ( prices begin at less than $135 and depend on grade and optional features ) is a 12-gauge auto .
The Flite-King Trophy ( beginning at just over $85 ) is a pump gun in 12 or 16 .
Either model is a very good dollar value .
Mossberg's latest contribution to the field is the Model 500 ( from $73.50 ) ; ;
this is an improved version of the old Model 200 , a pump-action 12-gauge shotgun .
See page 24 for a complete report on it .
Handguns , '61
Aside from the
Jet -- which I coupled with the Deerstalker carbine as one of the year's two biggest developments -- few significant innovations appeared among 1961's handguns .
Livery stable -- J. Vernon , prop. '' .
Coaching had declined considerably by 1905 , but the sign was still there , near the old Wells Fargo building in San Francisco , creaking in the fog as it had for thirty years .
John Vernon had had all the patronage he cared for -- he had prospered , but he could not retire from horsedom .
Coaching was in his blood .
He had two interests in life : the pleasures of the table and driving .
Twice a week he drove his tallyho over the Santa Cruz road , upland and through the redwood forest , with orchards below him at one hand , and glimpses of the Pacific at the other .
The journey back he made along the coast road , traveling hell-for-leather , every lantern of the tallyho ablaze .
The southward route was the classic run in California , and the most fashionable .
His patronage on this stretch was made up largely of San Franciscans -- regulars , most of them , and trenchermen like himself .
They did not complain at the inhuman hour of starting ( seven in the morning ) , nor of the tariff , which was reasonable since it covered everything but the tobacco .
Breakfast was at the Palace Hotel , luncheon was somewhere in the mountain forest , and dinner was either at Boulder Creek or at Santa Cruz .
Gazing too long at the scenery could be tiring , so halts were contrived between meals .
Then the Chinese hostler , who rode with Vernon on the box , would break open a hamper and produce filets of smoked bass or sturgeon , sandwiches , pickled eggs , and a rum sangaree to be heated over a spirit lamp .
In spring and in autumn the run was made for a group of botanists which included an old friend of mine .
They gathered roots , bulbs , odd ferns , leaves , and bits of resin from the rare Santa Lucia fir , which exists only on a forty-five mile strip on the westerly side of these mountains .
In the Spanish days Franciscan monks roamed here to collect the resin for incense .
It yields a fragrance as Orphic as that of the pastilles of Malabar .
Vernon was serviceable on the botanical field trips , but he could arrange no schedule with the cooks , and he was glad when the trips dropped off , and the botanists began to motor out by themselves .
My friend often breakfasted with Vernon on the morning of the regular tallyho run .
This was an honor , like dining with a captain at his private table .
Vernon's office adjoined the stable , and the walls were adorned with brightly colored lithographs , the folk art of the period .
They advertised harness polish , liniments , Ball's Rubber Boots , Green River Whiskey , Hood's Sarsaparilla , patent medicines , shoe blacking , and chewing tobacco .
The hostler would have the table ready and a pot of coffee hissing on the stove ; ;
then a porter from Manning's Fish House would trot in with a tray on his head .
It was draped with snowy napkins that kept hot a platter of oyster salt roast and a mound of corn fritters .
Vernon was consummately fond of oysters , and Manning's had been famous for them since the Civil War .
Oyster salt roast -- oysters on the half shell , cooked on a bed of coarse salt that kept them hot when served -- was a standby at Manning's .
Its early morning patrons were coachmen , who fortified themselves for the day with that delicacy .
In the 1890's the Palace Hotel began serving an oyster dish named after its manager , John C. Kirkpatrick .
This dish much resembles the oysters Rockefeller made famous by Antoine's in New Orleans , though the Palace chef announced it as a variant of Manning's roast oysters .
( Gastronomes have long argued about which came first , the Palace's or Antoine's .
Antoine's held as mandatory a splash of absinthe or Pernod on the parsley or spinach which was used for the underbedding .
The Kirkpatrick version holds liqueur as optional .
) Vernon , however , held out for plain oyster roast , and plenty of it , unadorned by herbs or any seasoning but salt , though he did fancy a bit of lemon .
After the meal , he and his guests went out to inspect the rig ; ;
this was merely a ritual , to please all hands concerned .
The tallyho had cost Vernon $2,300 .
A replica of two coaches made in England for the Belmont Club in the East , and matchless west of the Rockies , it was the despair of whips on the Santa Cruz run .
One could shave in the reflection of its French-polished panels , and its axles were greased like those of roulette wheels .
The horses were groomed to a high gloss ; ;
departing , they stepped solemnly with knees lifted to the jaw , for they had been trained to drag at important funerals .
But for the start of the Santa Cruz run , the whip fell .
The clients boarded the tallyho at the Palace promptly at seven .
They had been fed a hunting breakfast , so called because a kedgeree , the dish identified with fox hunting , was on the bill .
There are many ways of making a kedgeree , every one of which is right .
Here is an original kedgeree recipe from the Family Club's kitchen :
Club Kedgeree
Flake ( for three ) a cupful of cold boiled haddock , mix with a cupful of cooked rice , two minced hard-boiled eggs , some buttery white sauce done with cream , cayenne , pepper , salt , a pinch of curry , a tablespoonful of minced onion fried , and a bit of anchovy .
Heat and serve hot on toast .
The omelet named for Ernest Arbogast , the Palace's chef , was even more in demand .
For decades it was the most popular dish served in the Ladies' Grill at breakfast , and it is one of the few old Palace dishes that still survive .
Native California oysters , salty and piquant , as coppery as Delawares and not much larger than a five-cent piece , went into it .
The original formula goes thus :
omelet Arbogast
Fry in butter a small minced onion , rub with a tablespoonful of flour , add half a cup of cream , six beaten eggs , pepper , celery salt , a teaspoonful of minced chives , a dash of cayenne , and a pinch of nutmeg .
A jigger of dry Sherry follows , and as the mixture stiffens , in go a hundred of the little oysters .
Louis Sherry once stayed a fortnight at the Palace , and he was so pleased with omelet Arbogast that he introduced it at his restaurant in New York J. Pierpont Morgan had come in his private train to San Francisco , to attend an Episcopal convention , and brought the restaurateur with him .
As things happened , Morgan was installed in the Nob Hill residence of a magnate friend , whose kitchen swarmed with cooks of approved talent .
Sherry remained in his hotel suite , where he amused himself as best he could .
Twice he left everything to his entourage , and fled to make the Santa Cruz tour under Vernon's guidance .
In the grand court of the Palace , notable for its tiers of Moorish galleries that looked down on the maelstrom of vehicles below , Vernon's station was at the entrance .
It was a post of honor , held inviolate for him ; ;
he had the primacy among the coachmen .
Of majestic build , rubicund and slash-mouthed , he resembled the late General Winfield Scott , who was said to be the most imposing general of his century , if not of all centuries .
Vernon wore a gray tall hat , a gardenia , and maroon Wellington boots that glistened like currant jelly .
Promptly at seven he would clatter out of the court with twelve in the tallyho .
He had style : he held his reins in a loose bunch at the third button of his checked Epsom surtout , and when the horses leaned at a curve , as if bent by the force of a gale , he leaned with them .
They cantered down the peninsula , not slackening until the coach reached Woodside where the Santa Cruz uplands begin .
The road maps of the region have changed since 1905 ; ;
inns have burned down , moved elsewhere , or taken other names .
Once on the road ( and especially if the passengers were all regulars and masculine ) , the schedule meant nothing .
An agreeable ease suffused Vernon and the passengers of the tallyho , from which there issued clouds of smoke .
Vernon would tilt his hat over one ear as he lounged with his feet on the dashboard , indulging in a huge cigar .
The horses moved at a clump ; ;
they were no more on parade than was their driver ; ;
one fork of the road was as good as another .
The Santa Cruz mountains sprawl over three counties , and the roads twist through sky-tapping redwoods down whose furrowed columns ripple streams of rain , even when heat bakes the Santa Clara valley below at the left .
The water splashes into shoulder-high tracts of fernery .
You arrive there in seersucker , and feel you were half-witted not to bring a mackintosh .
Vernon kept an account book with a list of all the establishments that he thought worthy of patronage .
A number of them must have fallen into disfavor ; ;
they were struck out with remarks in red ink , denouncing both the cooks and the management .
He was copious in his praise of those that served food that was good to eat .
The horses seemed to know these by instinct , he used to say : such places invariably had stables with superior feed bins .
There was Wright's , for one , lost amongst trees , its wide verandas strewn with rockers .
Many of its sojourners were devoted to seclusion and quiet , and lived there to the end of their days .
It was the haunt of writer Ambrose Bierce , who admired its redwoods .
Acorns from the great oaks fed the small black pigs ( akin to Berkshires ) , whose `` carcass sweepstakes '' were renowned .
Their ham butts , cured in oak-log smoke , were also esteemed when roasted or boiled , and served with this original sauce :
Wright's devil sauce
; ;
put into a saucepan a cupful of the baked ham gravy , or of the boiled ham liquor , with a half stick of butter , three teaspoonfuls of made mustard , and two mashed garlic cloves .
Contribute also an onion , a peeled tomato and two pickled gherkins , and a mashed lime .
After this has simmered an hour , add two tablespoons each of Worcestershire , catsup , and chutney , two pickled walnuts , and a pint of Sherry .
Then simmer fifteen minutes longer .
Every winter a kegful of this sauce was made and placed at the end of a row of four other kegs in the cellar , so that when its turn came , it was properly mellowed .
Vineyards and orchards also grew around Wright's , and deer were rather a nuisance ; ;
they leaped six-foot fences with the agility of panthers .
But no one complained when they wound up , regardless of season , in venison pies .
No one complained of the white wine either : at this altitude of two thousand feet , grapes acquire a dryness and the tang of gunflint .
( The Almaden vineyards have now climbed to this height .
) Apple trees grew there also .
Though creeks in the Santa Cruz mountains flow brimful the year round and it is forever spring , the apples that grow there have a wintry crackle .
Dwellers thereabouts preferred to get their apple pies at the local bakery , which had a brick oven fired with redwood billets .
The merit of the pie , Vernon believed , was due more to its making than to the waning heat of the oven .
The recipe , which he got from the baker , and wrote down in his ledger , is basically this :
Wright's apple pie
; ;
peel , core , and slice across enough apples to make a dome in the pie tin , and set aside .
In a saucepan put sufficient water to cover them , an equal amount of sugar , a sliced lemon , a tablespoonful of apricot preserve or jam , a pinch each of clove and nutmeg , and a large bay leaf .
Let this boil gently for twenty minutes , then strain .
Poach the apples in this syrup for twelve minutes , drain them , and cool .
Set the apples in the pastry-lined tin , spread over them three tablespoonfuls of softened butter , with as much brown sugar , a sprinkling of nutmeg , and a fresh bay leaf , then lay on a cover of pastry , and gild it with beaten yolk of egg .
Those who have never traveled the width and length of this land cannot conceive , on the basis of textbook description alone , the overwhelming space and variety of this country held together under one government .
The miracle of democratic America comes home to one most strongly only when one has seen the endless Great Plains of the Midwest ; ;
the sky-reaching peaks of the Northwest mountains ; ;
the smoke-filled , art-filled , drama-filled life of the great cities of the East ; ;
the lush and historic charm of the South .
Now , to add to the already unbelievable extremes found in one nation , we have the two new states of Hawaii and Alaska .
To hope to cover just one region of this land and to enjoy all of its sights and events and , of course , to bring back pictures of your experiences , requires advance planning .
For this reason , U.S. Camera has prepared this special U.S.A. vacation feature .
We divided the country into five regions plus Hawaii and Alaska and in each is included a general description of the area plus specific recommendations of places and events to cover .
Any special photographic requirements are also given .
Use this section to plan now to make the most of your vacation in photogenic America .
The Northeast
birthplace of the nation , the Northeast offers historic battlefields ; ;
lovely old villages and a rugged seashore among its many worthwhile sights .
The rolling farms of Maryland , the peerless metropolis of New York City , the verdant mountains of Vermont can all be included in your Northeast vacation .
By automobile from New York , for example , you can take a one or two-day tour to Annapolis , Maryland to see the colonial homes and the U.S. Naval Academy ( where you can shoot the dress parade on Wednesdays ) ; ;
to Washington , D.C. , for an eye-filling tour of the city ; ;
or to Lancaster , Pa. , the center of the Pennsylvania Dutch country ; ;
Philadelphia with its historic buildings and nearby Valley Forge ; ;
to West Point , N.Y. , the famous military academy in a beautiful setting on the Hudson River .
New England deserves as much of your vacation time as you can afford with such areas as Cape Cod providing wonderful beaches , artists' colonies and quaint townships .
From here you can easily include a side trip to the old whaling port of Nantucket , Massachusetts , which looks just as it must have two centuries ago .
At Sturbridge Village , Massachusetts , you'll find a completely-restored New England town .
North to Acadia National Park , Maine , with views of a rockbound coast and dark , magnificent forests .
One of the most exciting ways to end a Northeast vacation would be with a week in New York City .
Return through New England , stopping for a visit to Lake Champlain where you can take a boat ride and go to Ethan Allen Park .
There you'll witness a view which includes the Adirondack Mts. and the Winooski River .
Now you're ready for a whirlwind sightseeing tour of America's most exciting city .
The skyline , the bridges , Broadway , and the Staten Island ferry are only a few of the spots to put on your `` must '' list for New York City .
Photographing in the Northeast
Some tips for shooting in Northeastern locales : In New York City don't miss coverage of the United Nations .
These striking , modernistic buildings on the East River are open to the public and every weekday guided tours are available .
Pictures can be taken in the public areas and when on tours .
However , the use of tripods is not allowed .
Photos of Conference Rooms and the General Assembly Hall can be made when these rooms are not being used for meetings .
Flash is allowed , subject to above restrictions .
Around New England , you'll no doubt want a color shot of one of the picturesque lighthouses .
Be careful here not to overexpose this subject since they are extremely bright and light-reflecting .
In color , 1/50th of a second between Af and Af will do for bright , frontal sunlight .
The South
the southern United States , extending from Florida in the east to Texas in the west , still maintains its unique flavor of gracious living and historical elegance .
It encompasses in its expanse areas where the natural beauty encourages a vacation of quiet contemplation , on the one hand , to places where entertainment and spectacles of all sorts have been provided for the tourist with camera .
Of special interest this anniversary year of the war between the states are the many Civil War battlefields where , likely as not , you'll catch some memorial re-enactments .
Among the locales to visit are Shiloh , Tennessee ; ;
Lookout Mountain , Tennessee ; ;
Vicksburg , Mississippi ; ;
Richmond , Virginia ; ;
Petersburg , Virginia , and Fredericksburg , Virginia .
Florida provides tropical scenes unequalled in the United States .
At Cypress Gardens special bleachers are set up for photographers at water-ski shows and lovely models pose for pictures in garden settings .
Silver Springs features glass-bottom boat rides and in Everglades National Park there are opportunities to photograph rare wildlife .
Miami Beach and surroundings feature fabulous `` hotel row '' , palm-studded beaches plus the Miami Seaquarium and Parrot Jungle .
One of the most delightful spots in a southern tour is the city of New Orleans .
The famous old French and Spanish buildings with their elaborate wrought iron balconies and the narrow streets of the Latin Quarter present an Old World scene .
For restoration of early American life the places to visit are Williamsburg , Jamestown and Yorktown , Virginia .
Another Virginia sight and a photographic adventure are the Luray Caverns , lit by photofloodlights .
The great state of Texas offers metropolitan attractions such as the Dallas Fair Park with its art and natural history museums .
In contrast are the vast open stretches of ranch country and oil wells .
In San Antonio visit the famous Alamo and photograph 18th Century Spanish buildings and churches .
The Great Smoky Mountains is another area of the South well worth a visit .
Along the 127-mile route through Great Smoky Mountains National Park you can photograph the breath-taking peaks , gorges and valleys which come into view at every turn .
Gatlinburg , Tennessee , is the center of this area .
Another scenic spot in Tennessee is Chattanooga where the Rock City Gardens are not to be missed .
Beautiful homes and gardens are trademarks of the South and cities particularly noted for them are Charleston , S.C. , Natchez , Miss. , and Savannah , Ga. .
At Charlottesville , Va. , shoot Monticello and the beautiful buildings of the University .
Picturing the south
Foliage is the outstanding photo subject in many of the Southern locales mentioned above and some specific tips on how and where to shoot it are in order .
For example , the Chamber of Commerce of Gatlinburg , Tennessee , sponsors special camera tours into the Great Smoky Mountains to get pictures of the profusion of wild flowers flourishing in these wooded regions .
Exposure problems may occur in these forest areas where uneven lighting results from shafts of sunlight filtering through the overhead branches .
Best solution is to find an area that is predominantly sunlight or shade .
In any instance , you should determine the exposure according to the type of light which falls on most of the subject area .
Try some closeups on Southern blossoms to provide a welcome contrast with the many long-view scenics you'll be making .
For shooting the interiors of the famous ante-bellum Southern mansions make sure your equipment includes a tripod .
Enough daylight is usually available from the windows , but if you have synchronized flash -- use it .
For some unusual photographic subjects , if your vacation takes you nearby , try these events : the 600-mile auto race in Charlotte , N.C. , , on May 27 ; ;
the Florida Folk Festival , White Springs , May 5-7 ; ;
Singing On The Mountain in Linville , North Carolina , on June 25 .
Peak action photography is your goal at Miami's Seaquarium and the Cypress Gardens waterskiing events .
The Midwest
A pleasant start to your midwestern vacation is a few days spent in cosmopolitan Chicago .
Lake Michigan offers swimming and pictures which combine cityscapes with beaches .
A visit to Chicago's museums and a stroll around broad Michigan Avenue will unfold many photogenic subjects to the alert photographer .
Wisconsin Dells , where fantastically scenic rocks carved by the Wisconsin River are overgrown with fern and other foliage , rates a stopover when traveling from Chicago .
The farmlands forming the heart of America stretch out across the Midwest from Chicago .
In North Dakota the strangely beautiful Badlands will challenge you to translate its wonder on to film .
While here , visit Theodore Roosevelt National Park for its spectacular scenery .
Another spot with an image-provoking name is the Black Hills where you can visit the old frontier mining town of Deadwood .
The Black Hills Passion Play is produced every summer and is a pageant worth seeing and shooting .
Of course , while in this vicinity you won't want to miss a visit to Mount Rushmore National Memorial where on the side of a mountain are the famous sculptures of Presidents Washington , Lincoln , Jefferson and Theodore Roosevelt .
In Missouri ( which we are including in our general Midwest region ) you can glance into Mark Twain's birthplace at Hannibal , see the landmarks of his life and writings and visualize where Huck Finn hatched his boyish mischief .
Similarly in Illinois there is Lincoln country to be seen -- his tomb and other landmarks .
Minnesota , fabled land of waters , is in itself , ideal vacationland , having within its borders 10,000 lakes ! !
Itasca State Park , where the Mississippi River begins , is one of the outstanding tourist spots in Minnesota .
Mementoes of the Old West recall the days of Wyatt Earp in Dodge City , Nebraska , where present-day cowboys add a colorful human interest note to your vacation shooting .
Of current interest is Abilene , Kansas , the birthplace of ex-President Eisenhower .
There's a museum here and also Old Abilene Town , a reconstruction of the cattle boomtown of the 70's and 80's .
For a resort area , Mackinack Island , Michigan , is the place to visit .
It truly relives another age for the inhabitants use carriages rather than autos and old British and French forts are left intact for tourists to visit and record .
Pictures of the Midwest
Night scenes will add an exciting touch to your vacation travelogue and what better place to take them then along Chicago's Lake Shore Drive ? ?
Just after sunset is a good time to record the city lights in color since you get a `` fill-in '' light from the sky .
Another memo for sightseers : bring your camera along to museums .
Photos of historic dioramas of the area you visit will add depth and background to your vacation photo story .
Again , be sure your tripod is handy for those sometimes-necessary time exposures .
Special events and their dates which will make interesting shooting in the Midwest area , include the following :
A re-enactment of the Battle of Lexington , May 18th at Lexington , Missouri ; ;
the world-renowned 500-mile auto race at Indianapolis , Indiana , plus a festival from May 27-30 ; ;
`` Song Of Hiawatha '' , in Elgin , Illinois , from June 20 to 24th .
Michigan offers the lovely Tulip Festival in Holland , Michigan , May 12-14 ; ;
the USGA Open in Birmingham from June 15-17 ; ;
and the International Freedom Festival in Detroit , June 29 thru July 4 .
For early vacationers there's the fun-filled Fishing Derby in Hot Springs , Arkansas , April 19-23 , and the Arkansas Band Festival in Hot Springs , April 20-22 .
The West
A western vacation is practically synonymous with a visit to at least one of the magnificent national parks in this area .
A tour of several of them is possible in a two-week vacation while a stay at just one of these natural beauty spots can be of equal reward .
In California is located one of the most popular of the national parks -- Yosemite .
Among its most spectacular features are its falls , the highest being Upper Yosemite which drops 2,425 feet .
The Sequoia Grove presents another unique aspect of Yosemite , for these ancient giant trees are a sight never to be forgotten .
In the Utah area are Zion National Park and Bryce Canyon National Park .
Fantastic colors are to be seen in the fanciful formations of eroded rock which loom out of the semiarid country in both parks .
Colorado's Grand Canyon , probably the most famous landmark of the United States , can be the highpoint of your Western vacation .
Built upon seven hills , Istanbul , like Rome , is one of the most ancient cities in the world , filled with splendor and contrast .
It is an exotic place , so different from the ordinary that the casual tourist is likely to see at first only the contrast and the ugliness of narrow streets lined with haphazard houses .
At the moment , many of these are being pulled down .
Whole blocks are disappearing and more are scheduled to vanish to make room for wide boulevards that will show off its treasures to better advantage -- the great domes and graceful spires of its mosques , the panorama of the Bosphorus and the Golden Horn .
Even when they are finished , however , the contrast will remain , for Istanbul is the only city in the world that is built upon two continents .
For almost 3,000 years Europe and Asia have rubbed shoulders in its streets .
Founded in the Ninth Century B.C. it was called Byzantium 200 years later when Byzas , ruler of the Megarians , expanded the settlement and named it after himself .
About a thousand years after that , when the Roman Empire was divided , it became capital of the Eastern section .
On May 11,330 , A.D. , , its name was changed again , this time to Constantinople after its emperor , Constantine .
In 1453 when the last vestige of ancient Roman power fell to the Turks , the city officially shifted religions -- although the Patriarch , or Pope , of the Orthodox Church continued to live there , and still does -- and became the capital of the Ottoman Empire .
When that was broken up after the First World War , its name was changed once more .
Rich in Christian and Moslem art , Istanbul is today a fascinating museum of East and West that recently became a seaside resort as well with the development of new beaches on the Bosphorus and the Sea of Marmara only a short distance from the center of town .
Easy to get to , and becoming more popular every year , it is only fourteen hours from New York by Pan American World Airways jet , four hours from Rome .
Start of tour
Most of the sights lie in the old section across the Golden Horn from the modern hotels .
I started my tour of them at the Turkish Government Tourist Office , next to Pan American's office on the left as you enter the driveway that leads to the Hilton Hotel .
From there I turned left along Cumhuriyet Cadesi past more hotels and a park on the left , Republic Gardens , and came in a few moments to Taksim Square , one of the hubs of the city , with the Monument of the Republic , erected in 1928 , in its center .
Directly across from the Gardens I found a bus stop sign for T 4 and rode it down to the Bosphorus , with the sports center on my left just before I reached the water and the entrance to Dolmabahce Palace immediately after that .
There the bus turned right along the Bosphorus , past ocean liners at anchor , to Galata Bridge over the entrance to the Golden Horn , a brown sweep of water that empties into the Bosphorus .
Across the bridge on the left I saw St. Sophia with its sturdy brown minarets and to the right of them the slenderer spires of the Blue Mosque .
On the other side of the Golden Horn I rode through Eminonu Square , with Yeni Cami , or the New Mosque , which dates from the Seventeenth Century , just across from the entrance to the bridge .
Passing it , the bus climbed a hill , with the covered spice bazaar on the right and Pandelli's , a famous and excellent restaurant , above it .
At the top of the hill the buildings on the left gave way to a park .
I got off there , crossed the street , walked ahead with St. Sophia on my left , the Blue Mosque on my right , and in a moment came to the entrance of St. Sophia .
Erected on the site of pagan temples and three previous St. Sophias , the first of which was begun by Constantine , this fourth church was started by Justinian in 532 and completed twenty years later .
On his first trip to the finished structure he boasted that he had built a temple grander than Solomon's in Jerusalem .
A few years later the dome fell in .
Nevertheless , it remained one of the most splendid churches of the Eastern Empire , where the Byzantine Emperors were crowned .
After the Turks conquered the city in 1453 they converted it to a mosque , adding the stubby minarets .
In the second half of the Sixteenth Century , Sinan , the great architect who is the Michelangelo of the East , designed the massive buttresses that now help support the dome .
With the birth of the Turkish Republic after the First World War , St. Sophia became a museum , and the ancient mosaics , which were plastered over by the Moslems , whose religion forbids pictures in holy places , have been restored .
Inside over the first door I saw one of these , which shows Constantine offering the city to the Virgin Mary and Justinian offering the temple .
On the columns around the immense dome are round plaques with Arabic writing .
The eight green columns , I learned , came from the Temple of Artemis at Ephesus , the others , red , from the Temple of the Sun at Heliopolis .
Beneath the dome I saw the spot where the Byzantine Emperors were crowned , a bit of floor protected now by a wooden fence .
Behind this is a minber or Moslem pulpit and near it a raised platform with golden grillwork , where the emperors and , after them , the sultans , sat .
Directly opposite is the emperor's door , through which they entered the building .
Outside St. Sophia I walked through the flower garden in front of it , with the Blue Mosque ahead on my left .
Across the street on my right I saw the Hippodrome , now a park .
It was laid out in 196 for chariot races and other public games .
Statues and other monuments that stood there were stolen , mostly by the waves of Crusaders .
At the beginning of the Hippodrome I saw the Kaiser's Fountain , an ugly octagonal building with a glass dome , built in 1895 by the German Emperor , and on my left , directly across from it , the tomb of Sultan Ahmet , who constructed the Blue Mosque , more properly known by his name .
Just before coming to the mosque entrance I crossed the street , entered the Hippodrome , and walked ahead to the Obelisk of Theodosius , originally erected in Heliopolis in Egypt about 1,600 B.C. by Thutmose , who also built those now in New York , London and Rome at the Lateran .
This one was set up here in 390 A.D. on a pedestal , the faces of which are carved with statues of the emperor and his family watching games in the Hippodrome , done so realistically that the obelisk itself is included in them .
Beyond it I noted a small green column , about twelve feet below the present ground level -- the Serpentine Column , three entwined serpents , which once stood at the Temple of Apollo at Delphi , Greece .
Near the end of the Hippodrome I came upon the Built Column , a truncated obelisk of blocks , all that remains of a monument that once rivalled the Colossus of Rhodes .
Magnificent Mosque
Retracing my steps to the Mosque of Sultan Ahmet , only one with six minarets , I entered the courtyard , with a gallery supported by pointed arches running around it and a fountain in the middle .
One of the most beautiful buildings in Istanbul , it was constructed in the early years of the Seventeenth Century , with a huge central dome , two half domes that seem to cascade down from it , and smaller full domes around the gallery .
The round minarets , tall and graceful , rise from rectangular bases and have three platforms from which the muezzin can chant his call to prayer .
Inside , the walls are covered with blue and white tile , the floor with red and cream carpets .
Back at the Kaiser's Fountain , I walked left to the streetcar stop and rode up the hill -- any car will do -- past the Column of Constantine , also known as the Burnt Column , at the top on my right .
It stands in the middle of what was once the Forum of Constantine , who brought it from Rome .
I stayed on the car for a few minutes until , turning right , it entered a huge square , Bayezit , with the Bayezit Mosque on the right and the gate to the university just beyond it .
There I got off , crossed the square , and on the side directly opposite the gate found a good restaurant , hard to come by in this part of the city .
Called the Marmara Gazinosu , it is on the third floor , with signs pointing the way there , and has a terrace overlooking the Sea of Marmara .
After lunch , in the arcade on my left just before reaching the street I found a pastry shop that sells some of the best baklava -- a sweet , flaky cake -- in Istanbul .
It's a great favorite of the university students , and I joined them there for dessert .
Taking the streetcar back to Kaiser's Fountain , I walked ahead , then left down the street opposite St. Sophia and just beyond the corner came to a small , one-story building with a red-tile roof , which is the entrance to the Sunken Palace .
Actually an underground cistern , its roof supported by rows and rows of pillars , it was built by Justinian in the Sixth Century to supply the palace with water .
There is still water in it .
I found it fairly depressing and emerged almost immediately .
Outside I walked past the entrance to St. Sophia , turned left at the end of it , and continued toward a gate in the wall ahead .
Just before reaching it I came to a grey and brown stone building that looks somewhat like an Oriental pagoda , with Arabic lettering in gold and colored tile decorations -- the Fountain of Sultan Ahmet .
Going through the Imperial Gate in the wall , I entered the grounds of Topkapi Palace , home of the Sultans and nerve center of the vast Ottoman Empire , and walked along a road toward another gate in the distance , past the Church of St. Irene , completed by Constantine in 330 A.D. on my left , and then , just outside the second gate , I saw a spring with a tap in the wall on my right -- the Executioner's Spring , where he washed his hands and his sword after beheading his victims .
Passing through the gate , with towers on either side once used as prisons , I entered a huge square surrounded by buildings , and on the wall to my right found a general plan of the grounds , with explanations in English for each building .
There are a good many of them .
At one time about 10,000 people lived there .
Following arrowed signs , I veered right toward the former kitchens , complete with chimneys , which now house one of the world's greatest collections of Chinese porcelain and a fabulous array of silver dinner services .
Next to it is a copper section , with cooking utensils and a figure of the chief cook in an elaborate , floor-length robe .
In the court once more , I went right toward the Reception House , a long one-story building with a deep portico .
Going through a door into another small court , I had the Throne Room directly in front .
I walked to the right around it to buildings containing illuminated manuscripts and came to the Treasury , which houses such things as coffee cups covered with diamonds , jewelled swords , rifles glittering with diamonds and huge divan-like thrones as large as small beds , on which the sultans sat cross-legged .
They are made of gold and covered with emeralds , pearls and other jewels .
Taking the path behind the Throne Room to the building directly beyond it , the Portrait Gallery , I went right at the end of it , through a garden to a small building at the back -- a sitting room furnished with low blue divans , its floor covered with carpets , its ceiling painted with gold squares and floral designs .
( Do start fires one or two hours ahead of time to obtain a lasting bed of glowing coals .
Keep ashes from one barbecue to the next to sprinkle over coals if they are too hot , and to stop flames that arise from melting grease .
Do line barbecue fire bowl with heavy foil to reflect heat .
Don't forget to buy a plastic pastry brush for basting with sauces .
Clean it meticulously in boiling water and detergent , rinse thoroughly .
Do build a wall of glowing coals six to eight inches in front of meat that is barbecued on an electric spit .
Make use of the back of the barbecue or of the hood for heating vegetables , sauces and such .
Don't fail to shorten cooking time by the use of aluminum foil cut slightly larger than the surface of steaks and chops .
Sear on both sides then cover meat loosely with heat reflecting foil for juiciest results .
Do avoid puncturing or cutting into meats to test them .
If doubtful about a steak , boldly cut it in half .
If necessary to replace both halves on grill , sear cuts and allot extra time .
For roasts , insert meat thermometer diagonally so it does not rest on bone .
Also make sure thermometer does not touch the revolving spit or hit the coals .
Don't practice a new recipe on guests .
Have a test-run on the family first , to be sure timing and seasoning are right .
Do buy meat the day or the day before you intend to cook it .
Keep it no longer than 36 hours before cooking , and keep it in the coldest ( but non-freezing ) compartment of the refrigerator .
Don't plan meals that are too complicated .
Limit yourself to good meat and drink , with bread , salad , corn or potatoes as accessories .
Keep the desserts simple ; ;
fruit does nicely .
Do whatever kitchen work , such as fixing a salad , preparing garlic bread , or making a marinade sauce , ahead of time .
When you start the outdoor performance , you can stay outdoors without a dozen running trips into the kitchen .
( This goes for getting a drink tray ready , and for having a big cooler full of ice on hand long before the party begins .
)
Don't think you have to start with the most expensive equipment in the world .
The simplest grill ( pan type ) or inexpensive hibachi can make you a chef .
You need tongs to handle meat ; ;
long forks for turning potatoes and corn ; ;
heavy foil on hand at all times .
And lots of hot pads ! !
Do keep the grill high enough above the fire so that when fat from meat drips down and flares up , flames cannot reach the meat .
Don't forget to have a supply of Melamine plates , bowls , cups , saucers , and platters for outdoor use .
Made of the world's toughest unbreakable plastic , Melamine dinnerware comes in almost 400 different patterns and dozens of colors .
There is even one set that has `` barbecue '' written on it .
Do without fancy tablecloths .
It's cheaper to buy Wall-Tex and cover your outdoor table .
Or buy half a dozen lengths of oilcloth and change patterns for different kinds of barbecues .
Oilcloth only costs about 79-cents a yard for the very best .
Tougher than plastic , it wears well .
Don't forget -- when you take to the hills or the beach -- that your cooler , which you might have used for wine- or beer-cooling on your terrace or back yard , is indispensable for carrying liquid refreshments .
There are many varieties of coolers and they serve many purposes .
With them , you can carry steaks and hamburgers at refrigerator temperatures , and also get your frozen food for stews and chowders , to the marina or picnic , in A-1 condition .
Do use paper napkins ; ;
lots of them .
Except when you prepare `` do it yourself '' shish kebob or a lobster roast .
Then you'll want terry cloth towels for mopping up .
Don't think barbecue cooking is just sometimes , or seasonal .
It's year-round , and everywhere .
In the winter , hibachi in the kitchen or grill over the logs of the fireplace .
Even use your portable electric or gas grill in the winter , inside .
Summertime supper , outside , is a natural .
You'll find , once your technique is perfected , that you can cook on a boat with a simple Bernz-O-Matic .
Do buy all-purpose mugs or cups .
Get copper or earthenware mugs that keep beer chilled or soup hot .
Be sure to get a few more than you need .
You will discover you keep the sauce for basting meat in one , use six for drinks , serve soup or coffee in another half-dozen -- and need one more to mix the salad dressing .
Don't forget the joys of a meal on the road .
If you travel over the vast U.S.A. you will , no doubt , discover that feeding is an expensive business .
Decide in the beginning to put your barbecue equipment to work .
You can take it with you .
A picnic bag , a grill , a cooler for soft drinks and beer , and for frozen convenience foods .
Eat in a restaurant or motel mornings and evenings ; ;
or just evenings .
Turn off at any one of the marked picnic areas ( gasoline companies have touring service bureaus that issue booklets on national parks to tell you where you have barbecue facilities ) and -- with soft drinks cooled from morning loading up , hamburger , buns , an array of relishes , and fresh fruit -- your lunch is 75% cheaper than at a restaurant , and 100% more fun .
You need a little stove , a coffee pot and a stew pot ; ;
maybe a skillet , a basket of essentials like salt , pepper , plates , forks , knives and a can opener .
As you pull out of your motel or national park home-for-the-night , visit a market and buy just what you need for the next meal .
For 25-cents load up the cooler with ice and keep cool pop in the car .
Simple meat dishes
spice is a fact of life in the U.S.A. .
You only have to think of franks and sausages to know what I mean .
Go a step further and list all the wonderful barbecue basics -- cervelat , salami , Vienna sausages , mettwurst , bratwurst , bockwurst , knackwurst , Bologna , pepperoni , blutwurst -- and you have a long list of easy specialties .
Threaded on a skewer with new boiled potatoes , a bit of green pepper , a fresh white mushroom -- any one of these spiced meats makes a man a cook , and a meal a feast .
Sure , for the most of us , a frankfurter is the favorite .
A story goes that a certain Herr Feuchtwanger of St. Louis , around 1883 served his sausages ( grilled ) and mustard to his fancy customers .
So that his customers should not soil their hands , Feuchtwanger issued white gloves .
Discovery that the gloves frequently left with the customers made the wise peddler of spiced sausage-meat come upon a compromise .
He had a bakery make buns sized to fit his franks .
Years later , franks-in-buns were accepted as the `` first to go '' at the New York Polo Grounds .
The nation's number one picnic treat is the skinless frankfurter -- toasted over a bonfire on the beach or , more sedately , charcoal broiled on a portable grill .
Either way it's hard to beat in flavor as well as ease of preparation .
To make the picnic frank come close to perfection , remember these tips :
-- Score each frankfurter in four or five places about a third of the way through .
This permits the juices to permeate the meat during cooking .
-- Relishes are as vital to the success of the frank as are buns .
Bring along the conventional ones -- catsup , pickle relish , mustard , mayonnaise -- plus a few extras , such as tangy barbecue sauce , chive cream cheese , or horse-radish for the brave ones in the crowd .
-- Using a portable grill permits you to toast the buns , too .
Watch closely while browning them , as it doesn't take long .
-- An unusual flavor can be achieved by marinating the franks in French dressing or a mixture of honey , lemon juice and brown sugar prior to the picnic .
Broil or toast as usual .
Contrary to popular opinion , `` a la mode '' doesn't mean `` with ice cream '' -- it just means , in the latest style .
Here are a couple of the latest , highly styled ways to fix skinless franks in your own back yard ! !
You'll have the neighbor's eyes popping as well as their mouths watering ! !
Jiffy barbecues
1 cup chili sauce 1/3 cup water 1 tablespoon barbecue sauce 2 teaspoons prepared mustard 1/2 pound chipped , spiced ham 6 sandwich buns , heated
.
Combine first 4 ingredients in saucepan ; ;
heat thoroughly .
Add ham ; ;
heat .
Serve on buns .
Makes 6 barbecues .
Hot hibachi franks
You'll never hear `` sayonara '' , the Japanese word for goodbye , from your guests when you give a hibachi party .
The fun of toasting their own sausages over the small Oriental charcoal burners and dipping them in tasty sauces will keep your group busy -- try it and see ! !
Canned cocktail frankfurters
sweet-sour sauce
1 large onion , chopped fine 2 tablespoons salad oil 1 8-oz. can crushed pineapple and 1/2 cup of the juice 1/4 cup brown sugar 2 tablespoons vinegar 1 tablespoon prepared mustard 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce pineapple chunks
.
Mustard cream
2 tablespoons dry mustard Water 1/2 cup heavy cream , whipped Salt Paprika
.
Spear canned cocktail franks with picks .
Also spear pineapple chunks and place in separate bowl .
Make sauces ahead .
Sweet-sour sauce can be kept warm over a second hibachi or chafing dish while charcoal in broiler is reaching glowing coal stage .
Mustard cream , used as alternate dip for franks and pineapple tidbits , tastes best when served at room temperature .
For sweet-sour sauce , cook onion in oil until soft .
Add remaining ingredients and bring to a boil .
Simmer about 10 minutes , and keep warm for serving .
To prepare mustard cream , blend mustard with enough water to make a thin paste .
Fold into whipped cream and add a dash of salt and sprinkling of paprika .
Trim-your-own-franks
A back-yard picnic with grilled frankfurters and a selection of frankfurter trimmings is a fine way to entertain guests this summer .
Be sure to have plenty of frankfurters and buns on hand .
Some tasty frank toppings are chili con carne , Coney Island sauce and savory sauerkraut .
Serve the chili and kraut hot with the franks .
Here are suggestions for the frankfurter trimmings : 1 .
Chili con carne : use canned chili con carne .
2 .
Coney Island sauce : finely chop several onions and add enough catsup to moisten well ; ;
add prepared mustard to suit taste .
3 .
Savory sauerkraut : add several tablespoons of brown sugar to a can of sauerkraut .
Add a few caraway seeds , too , if you'd like .
Barbecued frankfurters
1/2 cup minced celery 1/4 cup minced onion 1/2 cup tomato ketchup 1/2 cup water 1/4 cup vinegar 2 tablespoons brown sugar 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce 1 tablespoon prepared mustard 1/2 teaspoon salt 8 frankfurters
.
Combine first 9 ingredients in skillet .
Simmer 15 minutes .
Prick frankfurters with fork ; ;
place in sauce .
Cover ; ;
simmer 15 minutes , stirring occasionally , until sauce is of desired consistency .
Serve in frankfurter buns or as a meat dish .
Makes 8 sandwiches or 4 servings .
Pretend ham
Make criss-cross gashes on one side of skinless frankfurters .
Stick 4 or 5 cloves in each frank , ham fashion .
Make a paste of brown sugar and mustard and spread lightly over scored surface .
If desired , sprinkle with 1 teaspoon drained crushed pineapple .
Place on rectangle of foil and pinch edges together tightly .
Roast on grill over coals 15-20 minutes .
Frankfurter twists
Blend 2 cups biscuit mix with 2/3 cup milk to make a soft dough .
Knead on lightly floured board and roll out to form a Af-inch rectangle .
Spread dough with a mixture of 3 tablespoons chili sauce , 1 teaspoon horse-radish and 2 teaspoons mustard .
Cut dough carefully into 12 strips , about 3/4 inch by a foot long .
Twist one strip diagonally around each skinless frankfurter , pinching dough at ends to seal it .
Brush frankfurter twists with about 1/2 cup melted butter and toast slowly over glowing coals until dough is golden brown .
Serves 12 .
Hamburger patties with nuts
1 pound ground beef 2 teaspoons grated onion Dash of pepper 1/2 teaspoon salt 1/2 cup chopped walnuts 1/4 cup ice cold bourbon
.
Combine ingredients ; ;
form into patties and barbecue 5 minutes on each side .
Note :
Directions are written for those who have had previous experience in making pottery .
Instructions for preparing clay , drying , glazing and firing are not given .
Equipment :
Basic pottery studio equipment .
Wooden butter molds and cookie presses .
Materials :
Ceramic modeling clay : red , white or buff .
Stoneware clay for tiles .
Glazes , one-stroke ceramic colors , stains , cones as indicated in the individual instructions .
General directions :
Use well-wedged clay , free of air bubbles and pliable enough to bend without cracking .
Clean wooden molds and presses thoroughly ; ;
they must be free of oil , wax and dust .
Pressing designs :
The size of wooden mold will determine the amount of clay needed .
Roll clay to thickness indicated in individual instructions .
Whenever possible , use the wooden mold as a pattern for cutting clay .
When mold has more than one design cavity , make individual paper patterns .
Place mold or paper pattern on rolled clay and cut clay by holding knife in vertical position ( cut more pieces than required for project to make allowance for defects ; ;
experiment with defects for decoration techniques of glazes and colors ) .
Place the cut clay piece loosely over the carved cavity design side of wooden mold .
To obtain clear impression of mold , press clay gently but firmly into mold cavity , starting at center and working to outer edges .
Trim excess clay away from outer edges .
Check thickness of clay and build up thin areas by moistening surface with a little water and adding small pieces of clay .
Be sure to press the additional clay firmly into place without locking in air bubbles .
Allow project to stand for about five minutes ( if wooden press mold is a good antique , do not leave clay in too long as the dampness may cause mold to crack ) .
To release clay from mold , place hands in a cupped position around project ; ;
gently lift the edge on far side , then continue to release edge completely around mold .
Slight tapping on the underside of mold will help release the clay , but too much agitation will cause the clay to become soft and will interfere with removal of clay from mold .
Place a piece of plaster wall board or plaster bat on clay and reverse bat , clay and mold in one action .
This will prevent the clay from twisting or bending , causing warping when fired .
Place project on table and carefully lift the mold off .
Study surface of clay for defects or desired corrections .
If clay is slightly out of shape , square straight sides with guide sticks or rulers pressed against opposite sides , or smooth round pieces with damp fingers .
If the background of design is too smooth , or you wish to create a wood-grained effect , it may be added at this time with a dull tool such as the handle of a fine paintbrush .
Make slight , smooth grooves rather than cuts for the texture ( cuts could cause air pockets under the glaze creating pinholes or craters in the glaze during firing ) .
Leave the clay on plaster board to dry slowly , covered lightly with a loose piece of plastic or cloth to prevent warping .
Rectangular tiles
( opposite page , right top ) : Stoneware clay was used .
Clay was rolled to 1/4'' '' thickness .
Back of clay scored or roughened for proper gripping surface .
No bisque firing .
Glazed with two coats of Creek-Turn white stoneware glaze ( no glaze on sides or bottom ) .
Decorated on unfired glaze with one coat of one-stroke ceramic colors ; ;
raised details of designs were colored in shades of yellow-green , blue-green , brown and pink .
Tiles were fired once to cone 05 .
Round plaque
( opposite page , bottom ) : White clay was used , rolled to 1/4'' '' thickness .
Bisque fired to cone 05 .
Stained with Jacquelyn's ceramic unfired stain , polished , following manufacturer's directions .
Opaque cantaloupe and transparent wood brown were used .
No further firing .
Paperweight
( opposite page , top left ) : Red clay was used , rolled 1/2'' '' thick .
Mold was used as pattern and clay cut by holding knife at about 45-degree angle , to form an undercut , making base smaller than the pattern top .
While clay is still pressed in mold , press three equally spaced holes 1/4'' '' deep , using pencil eraser , in bottom of clay to allow for proper drying and firing .
Paperweight may be personalized on back while clay is leather hard .
Bisque fired to cone 05 .
Unglazed .
Jars with lids
( opposite page , top left ) : Remove wooden design head from bowl of butter mold .
Fill small hole in bowl with clay .
Make paper patterns for sections of jar and lid ( see Fig. 1 , opposite page ) .
Measurements for rectangular pattern piece A are obtained by measuring inside circumference and depth of butter mold bowl .
Pattern for circular base piece B is diameter of Aj .
Use wooden design head of mold for pattern C ; ;
pattern D for lid fits over top diameter of Aj .
Pattern for inner lid piece E fits inside Aj .
Jars are assembled in bowl of butter mold .
Use white or buff clay , rolled to 3/16'' '' thickness .
Place patterns on rolled clay and cut around them with knife in vertical position .
Place clay pieces on wall board .
To assemble jar , put paper pattern B for base in bottom of mold and clay disk B on top .
Line sides of mold with paper pattern Aj .
Bevel and score ends of clay piece A so that they overlap about 1/2'' '' and make even thickness .
Place clay piece A inside ; ;
use slip to join overlapped ends together .
Join B to bottom of A , scoring and reinforcing with clay coil .
Trim excess clay from around lip of mold and set aside while assembling lid .
To assemble lid , press clay piece C in cavity of wooden design head .
Press clay into mold as instructed in General Directions .
Score plain side of C and leave in mold .
Score one side of disk D , join to C ; ;
score other side of D and one side of disk E and join as before .
While assembled lid is still on design head , gently but firmly press it on plaster board .
If design head has a deep cavity , clay lid will be quite thick at this point ; ;
press eraser of pencil gently 1/4'' '' deep into deep clay to allow vent for proper drying and firing .
Check fit of lid on jar ; ;
if inner lid is too big , trim to fit , allowing room for thickness of glaze .
Remove lid from head of mold .
Remove jar from mold .
Place jar on plaster board with lid in place to dry slowly .
Bisque fire to cone 08 with lid on jar .
For an antique effect on jars , brush Creek-Turn brown toner on bisque ware and sponge it off .
Glaze with two coats of clear or transparent matt glaze .
The large jar was brushed with Creek-Turn green toner and sponged off .
Glaze with two coats of matt glazes in turquoise with touches of blossom pink on lid .
When dry they were fired to cone 06-05 .
Little folks set :
( Made from modern wooden molds Af .
) Roll white clay to 3/16'' '' thickness .
Salt and pepper :
Use mold to cut four side pieces .
For top and bottom pieces , use short end of mold as measurement guide .
Press the side pieces of clay into cavity of mold .
Trim excess clay from rim of mold .
Cut beveled edge on the long sides of clay at a 45-degree angle to miter corners .
Score beveled edges and remove pieces from mold ; ;
place design-side up on plaster board .
Make all four sides .
Cut clay top and base pieces ; ;
place on plaster board .
Allow all pieces to become leather hard before constructing shaker .
To assemble :
Construct sides , bottom and top as for box , using slip on scored edges and coils of clay to reinforce seams .
Join the four sides together first , then add the base ; ;
add top last .
Use water on finger to smooth seams and edges .
Turn shaker upside down .
Recess base slightly to allow room for stopper .
Cut hole in base for cork stopper .
Add holes in top , forming `` S '' for salt and `` P '' for pepper .
Set aside to dry thoroughly .
Sugar and creamer :
Cut a strip of clay for sides long enough and wide enough for three impressions of mold design .
Press clay into cavity of one mold three times ; ;
bevel overlapping ends for splice joint , score beveled edges .
Form clay strip into a cylinder ; ;
use slip to join scored ends .
Place cylinder on a disk of clay slightly larger than cylinder .
Score bottom edge of cylinder and join to disk with slip .
Trim away excess clay ; ;
reinforce seam with a coil of clay .
This will form the sugar bowl .
Make creamer the same .
Handle for creamer is a strip of clay 1/2'' '' wide and 3-1/2'' '' long .
To add handle , place a wooden dowel against the inside wall of creamer .
Score outside of container where handle ends will be joined .
Bend handle ; ;
press scored handle ends firmly in place using dowel to reinforce container while pressing ; ;
use slip to join .
To form spout , between two designs , dampen area slightly and gently push clay outward .
Make lid for sugar bowl the same as jar lids , omitting design disk .
Cut a notch in lid for spoon handle if desired .
Set aside to dry with lid on sugar bowl .
Vases :
Make same as salt and pepper shakers , leaving off top pieces .
Vases may be made into candles by filling with melted wax and a wick .
Napkin holder :
Cut a piece of clay for base and two for sides each about Af ( long enough for three impressions of mold ) .
Press the two sides into cavity of one mold three times .
Put cut pieces on plaster board to dry to firm leather-hard state .
Score side edges of base ; ;
join sides and base with slip and reinforce with coil .
A cardboard pattern cut to fit inside holder will help to prevent warping .
Place pattern inside holder ; ;
use three strips of clay to hold in place ( see Fig. 2 , page 71 ) .
Do not use wood as it will not shrink with the clay and would cause breakage .
Let all projects dry slowly for several days .
Clean greenware .
Bisque fire to cone 08 .
Inside of pieces was glazed with three coats of Creek-Turn bottle green antique glaze .
Outside was finished with Creek-Turn brown toner brushed on and sponged off to give antique finish .
Fired to cone 06-05 .
Changing colors
to change from one color yarn to another :
When changing from one color to another , whether working on right or wrong side , pick up the new strand from underneath dropped strand .
Photograph shows the wrong side of work with light strand being picked up under dark strand in position to be purled .
To measure work :
Spread article on flat surface to required width before measuring length at center .
Measuring armhole
to measure armhole :
Mark row on which first stitches have been bound off for armhole by drawing a contrasting colored thread through it .
Place work on a flat surface and smooth out .
Measure straight up from marked row .
See illustration .
To insert markers :
When directions read `` sl a marker on needle '' , put a small safety pin , paper clip , or commercial ring marker on needle .
In working , always slip marker from one needle to another .
To mark a row or stitch , tie contrasting thread around end of row or stitch to be marked .
Backstitching seam
to sew seams with backstitch :
Most seams are sewn with backstitch , especially on curved , slanted or loose edges .
Pin right sides of pieces together , keeping edges even and matching rows or patterns .
Thread matching yarn in tapestry needle .
Run end of yarn through several stitches along edge to secure ; ;
backstitch pieces together close to edge .
Do not draw yarn too tight .
See illustration .
To sew in sleeves :
Place sleeve seam at center underarm and center of sleeve cap at shoulder seam .
Ease in any extra fullness evenly around .
Backstitch seam .
Weaving seam
to weave seams together :
Straight vertical edges , such as those at the back seam of a sock , can be woven together invisibly .
Thread matching yarn in tapestry needle .
Hold edges together , right side up .
Hotei is 23 feet long with an 8-1/2-foot beam and every inch a family boat .
Menfolk can ride in the forward cockpit where the helmsman has a clear view .
Youngsters can sleep or amuse themselves safely in the large cabin which has 5-foot 11-inch headroom , bunks for three , galley and marine toilet .
The gals can sun themselves in the roomy aft cockpit .
All are well distributed , not crowded together near the stern .
And with passenger weight shifted forward , Hotei levels off for speed under power of a Merc 800 .
The 80-hp motor drives her at 25 mph with six aboard ! !
With only two aboard , Hotei does better than 27 mph -- and she gives a comfortable ride at this speed even in a three-foot chop .
She also banks into a turn like a fine runabout -- not digging in on the outside to throw passengers all over the boat like many a small cabin cruiser .
Nor is she a wet boat .
We've been out in five-foot waves and stayed dry .
A lot of thought went into storage space construction .
There's a large compartment in the forward cockpit for charts and other items .
The cabin has several shelves for small items and storage under the bunks for water skiis , life jackets , etc. .
The aft cockpit has a Af storage bin over six feet long that doubles as a seat .
On each side of the motor well there's storage for battery , bumpers , line and spare props with six-gallon gas tanks below .
The well itself is designed to take two Merc 800's or 500's if you wish and there's room for a 25-gallon long-cruise gas tank below it .
Needless to say , you can't build Hotei in a couple of weeks .
Our building time was slightly over 400 hours -- but the total cost for the hull with Fiberglas bottom , sink , head and hardware was under $800 .
A comparable manufactured boat would cost close to $3,000 .
Consider what you have to earn to be able to spend the $3,000 and your building time is well worth it .
A Gator trailer , Model 565 , is used to transport the boat to the waterways .
This piece of equipment costs a little over $600 but it will save you that in mooring and hauling fees in a few years .
All framing in Hotei is one-inch mahogany which , in the dressed state you buy it , is about the 13/16-inch thickness specified in the drawings .
Therefore , the lumber is bought in planks and ripped to size for battens , etc. , on a table saw .
Besides flathead bronze screws , silicon bronze Stronghold nails ( made by Independent Nail & Packing Co. , Bridgewater , Mass. ) are used extensively in assembly and Weldwood resorcinol glue is used in all the joints .
Construction follows a thorough study of the drawings .
Start by laying out the six frames and the transom on a level floor .
Draw each outline in a different-color chalk , one on top of the other .
In this way you will be able to detect any obvious mistakes .
The transom frame is made first with the joints lapped , glued and fastened with one-inch , No. 12 Stronghold nails .
After notching it for the keelson , chines and battens , the half-inch plywood transom is secured to it with glue and the same type nails .
All frames are butted at the joints and 3/8-inch plywood gussets are glued and nailed on each side of each joint , again using the one-inch , No. 12 nails .
The frames are notched only for the keelson and the chines .
If notched for the battens , they would require more work , be weakened and limber holes would have to be bored so that bilge water could flow through .
Nowhere in the boat do the frames come in contact with the plywood planking .
The jig is erected after the frames and transom are complete .
This is an important step because any misalignment would cause progressively worse misalignment in the hull as you advance in construction .
Be sure all members are parallel , vertical and level as required .
After the frames and transom are set up on the jig and temporarily braced , a piece of three-inch-wide mahogany ( only widths will be given since the 13/16-inch thickness is used throughout ) is butted between frames one and two below the line of the keelson .
The frames are glued and screwed to this piece .
The joints are also reinforced on each side with small blocks set in resin-saturated Fiberglas cloth and nailed .
It is over this piece that the laminated stem and keelson are spliced .
The keelson , made of two three-inch widths , is next installed .
The first piece is glued and screwed to the frames and transom and the piece butted between frames one and two .
The second piece is in turn glued and screwed to the first .
Note , however , that it is six inches shorter at the forward end .
One-inch , No. 10 screws are used in both cases .
A stem jig is next cut to the proper shape and temporarily fastened to frame one .
The stem is laminated from four pieces .
Take two three-inch-wide pieces and rip them down the center of the thickness to make the four .
Then spread a generous amount of glue on the four pieces and bend them into place on the jig .
The first two pieces butt against the inner member of the keelson and are glued and screwed to the brace between the first two frames .
The second two pieces lap over the inner member of the keelson and butt against the outer member .
They're glued and screwed to the inner member of the keelson .
A number of C clamps hold the pieces together on the jig until the glue sets .
All bottom battens are two inches wide .
The side ones are a half-inch narrower .
The battens are carefully fastened in place after some necessary fairing on all frames .
Glue and 1-1/2-inch , No. 10 screws are used .
Placement is important because the rear seat , bunks and front jump seats rest on or are fastened to many of the side battens .
With the exception of two battens , all run to the stem where they are glued and screwed after careful beveling .
The chines go in the same way except that they are made of two pieces of two-inch wood for strength and easier bending .
Fairing is always a tedious job but the work can be cut down considerably with a Skill planer and a simple jig .
I clamped a 30-inch piece of aluminum to the base of the planer with a pair of Sure Grips .
The aluminum , flush against the battens , acted as a fairing stick and enabled me to plane the chines and keelson to the proper bevels easily .
If you don't own a planer and don't want to buy one , it's well worth renting .
The planking is five-ply , 3/8-inch-thick Weldwood Royal Marine plywood .
This can be obtained in 42-inch widths 24 feet long .
The 42-inch width leaves very little waste .
Four pieces are used .
Plank the sides first , using glue and one-inch , No. 12 Stronghold nails at all battens , the stem and the transom .
Another person inside with a weight against each batten will help in the fastening .
The best procedure is to have a few friends hold the planking in place while you mark it off .
Then trim the excess .
I used a Homemaster Routo-Jig made by Porter Cable for this job .
It's good for cutting all the planking because it cuts with a bit-like blade at high rpm and does not chatter the plywood like a saber saw .
When cut , the planking is clamped in place for a final and careful trimming .
Then it is marked on the inside where it comes in contact with the transom , frames , keelson and all the battens .
It may then be pre-drilled for the fastenings .
The next step is to remove it and spread glue where it has been marked at the contact points .
Then it is replaced and fastened .
The bottom planking is applied in the same manner .
After planking , the bottom gets a layer of Fiberglas .
The spray rails are first glued on the outside and fastened from the inside with screws .
Then the chines are rounded off and the bottom is rough-sanded in preparation .
Since the sides are also covered up to the spray rails , they are also rough-sanded in that area .
The cloth is laid on one half of the bottom at a time .
A 50-inch width is used on each side and it laps the keel line by about three inches .
Lay the cloth in place and trim it to size .
Then remove it and give the whole bottom a coat of resin .
When the resin has hardened , mix up another batch with a pigment added if you wish .
I used bright red , mixing the pigment in thoroughly before adding the hardener .
Using a cheap brush , coat one side of the bottom with the resin and then apply the cloth .
When the cloth is smooth , apply another coat of resin , spreading it with a paint roller .
Be sure it is well saturated and then allow it to harden .
When the whole bottom has hardened , use a disk sander to feather the edges of the cloth at the keel line and near the spray rail .
Then lay a three-inch-wide strip of cloth along the keel line from the transom to the point of the stem .
Before the resin has hardened , screw a one-inch mahogany keel strip along the centerline .
This protects the bottom in beaching .
Fiberglas materials are available from Glass Plastic Supply Co. , 1605 W. Elizabeth Ave. , Linden , N. J. .
They will also supply literature on application .
The hull is now turned over ( with the help of about seven friends ) and placed in a level , well-braced position .
I set it on the Gator trailer .
I laid three layers of glass cloth on the inside of the stem , also installing a bow eye at this time .
For added strength , I also fastened a small block on each side of every frame and batten joint .
Again , these blocks were set in resin-saturated glass cloth and nailed .
After trimming off the excess on the frames and transom which was used to fasten them to the jig at a working height , the top of the side planking is installed .
This is made up of scraps left over from the sides and bottom .
These flaring parts really help to keep the boat dry .
When they're on , the top edges are planed even with the sheer batten .
The sides of the motor well run from the bottom battens to the top and from frame six to the transom , forming a real strong transom brace .
Note another piece of wood six inches wide is fastened to the transom between these pieces .
The decking is quarter-inch mahogany marine plywood .
All the flooring and the storage bin is half-inch exterior fir plywood .
Most floor battens are glued and screwed to the flooring .
The exception is where the flooring butts .
These battens are glued and screwed to the frames .
With all deck battens in place , the bilge is cleaned and painted up to the floor line .
Use one coat of Firzite and one coat of marine paint .
Bottoms of the floorboards are also painted and the flooring is then screwed in place .
After the decking is on , the cabin sides are installed .
They're followed by the front and rear bulkheads as illustrated .
The windshield glass is shatterproof and Plexiglas is used in the cabin .
Inside , bunks are framed up and installed as indicated .
A head is a handy thing to have and I installed one under a removable section of the port bunk .
The sink in the hinged panel above the bunk drains into the head and a five-gallon water tank is mounted on the bulkhead above the sink .
For padding the seats and bunks , I used Ensolite , Type Aj .
Lightweight , non-absorbent , fire resistant and dimensionally stable , it is easily bonded to the wood with contact cement .
Available in Af sheets , it costs about a dollar a square foot .
You can build this vacation cottage yourself .
It is a full scale , small , but efficient house that can become a year 'round retreat complete in every detail .
Because of the unique design by the architect Egils Hermanovski , you can build most of it in your own home workshop in your spare time .
Most of it is panelized and utilizes standard materials , and requires the use of only simple tools .
On the following pages and in the following issues we take you every step of the way to your vacation cottage , from choosing the proper site to applying the final trim .
In recognition of the growing trend for second homes , or vacation cottages , we have designed this one specifically with the family handyman in mind .
It is a big project , not to be taken lightly .
But each step has been broken down into easy stages , utilizing standard materials and simple tools , well within the capabilities of the handyman .
The theory
The idea behind our design is modular units , or panelization .
Everything possible has been scaled to standard sizes and measurements of materials .
Wall panels and structural timbers are standard as are windows and doors , making for a minimum of cutting .
We have developed an ingenious method of interlocking these so that you can make the major part of your house in your own workshop , panel by panel , according to plan .
Thus , when you have prepared your foundation and laid the floor , these can be trucked to the site and erected with a small crew of friends in a weekend .
The roof timbers are precut and the panels standard so that the house can be completely enclosed in a matter of three or four days .
Then you can do the finishing touches at your leisure .
A warning
Due to the fact that building codes and regulations vary so much throughout the country , the first thing to do is to find out what , if any , they are .
Close to a large city they might even specify the size of the nails used ; ;
in a remote section there might be no restrictions at all .
This can usually be found out at the nearest town hall .
At the same time check the electrical , plumbing , and sanitary requirements , as well as possible zoning regulations .
Whether electricity and public water and sewers are available or not , check the local customs in the use of bottled or L-P gas ( we give you alternatives later on ) .
Be sure that this information is reasonably official and not just an unfounded opinion .
If there are any major restrictions , they usually can be obtained in printed form .
Where a building permit is required , find out what you must present when applying for one .
In many cases , you must file a complete set of plans with the local building inspector .
These will be available at cost from our Plans Department .
The site
Some general things to look for in a site , if you haven't already bought one , are accessibility , water drainage , and orientation .
It is not news that Nathan Milstein is a wizard of the violin .
Certainly not in Orchestra Hall where he has played countless recitals , and where Thursday night he celebrated his 20th season with the Chicago Symphony Orchestra , playing the Brahms Concerto with his own slashing , demon-ridden cadenza melting into the high , pale , pure and lovely song with which a violinist unlocks the heart of the music , or forever finds it closed .
There was about that song something incandescent , for this Brahms was Milstein at white heat .
Not the noblest performance we have heard him play , or the most spacious , or even the most eloquent .
Those would be reserved for the orchestra's great nights when the soloist can surpass himself .
This time the orchestra gave him some superb support fired by response to his own high mood .
But he had in Walter Hendl a willing conductor able only up to a point .
That is , when Mr. Milstein thrust straight to the core of the music , sparks flying , bow shredding , violin singing , glittering and sometimes spitting , Mr. Hendl could go along .
But Mr. Hendl does not go straight to any point .
He flounders and lets music sprawl .
There was in the Brahms none of the mysterious and marvelous alchemy by which a great conductor can bring soloist , orchestra and music to ultimate fusion .
So we had some dazzling and memorable Milstein , but not great Brahms .
The concert opened with another big romantic score , Schumann's Overture to `` Manfred '' , which suffered fate , this time with orchestral thrusts to the Byronic point to keep it afloat .
Hindemith's joust with Weber tunes was a considerably more serious misfortune , for it demands transluscent textures , buoyant rhythms , and astringent wit .
It got the kind of scrambled , coarsened performance that can happen to best of orchestras when the man with the baton lacks technique and style .
Bayreuth next summer
The Bayreuth Festival opens July 23 with a new production of `` Tannhaeuser '' staged by Wieland Wagner , who is doing all the operas this time , and conducted by Wolfgang Sawallisch .
Sawalisch also conducts `` The Flying Dutch '' , opening July 24 .
`` Parsifal '' follows July 25 , with Hans Knappertsbusch conducting , and he also conducts `` Die Meistersinger '' , to be presented Aug. 8 and 12 .
The `` Ring '' cycles are July 26 , 27 , 28 and 30 , and Aug. 21 , 22 , 23 and 25 .
Rudolf Kempe conducts .
No casts are listed , but Lotte Lehmann sent word that the Negro soprano , Grace Bumbry , will sing Venus in `` Tannhaeuser '' .
Remember how by a series of booking absurdities Chicago missed seeing the Bolshoi Ballet ? ?
Remember how by lack of two big theaters Chicago missed the first visit of the Royal Danish Ballet ? ?
Well , now we have two big theaters .
But barring a miracle , and don't hold your breath for it , Chicago will not see the Leningrad-Kirov Ballet , which stems from the ballet cradle of the Maryinsky and is one of the great companies of the world .
Before you let loose a howl saying we announced its coming , not once but several times , indeed we did .
The engagement was supposed to be all set for the big theater in McCormick Place , which Sol Hurok , ballet booker extraordinary , considers the finest house of its kind in the country -- and of course he doesn't weep at the capacity , either .
It was all set .
Allied Arts Corporation first listed the Chicago dates as Dec. 4 thru 10 .
Later the Hurok office made it Dec. 8 thru 17 , a nice , long booking for the full repertory .
But if you keep a calendar of events , as we do , you noticed a conflict .
Allied Arts had booked Marlene Dietrich into McCormick Place Dec. 8 and 9 .
Something had to give .
Not La Dietrich .
Allied Arts then notified us that the Kirov would cut short its Los Angeles booking , fly here to open Nov. 28 , and close Dec. 2 .
Shorter booking , but still a booking .
We printed it .
A couple of days later a balletomane told me he had telephoned Allied Arts for ticket information and was told `` the newspapers had made a mistake '' .
So I started making some calls of my own .
These are the results .
The Kirov Ballet is firmly booked into the Shrine Auditorium , Los Angeles , Nov. 21 thru Dec. 4 .
Not a chance of opening here Nov. 28 -- barring that miracle .
Then why not the juicy booking Hurok had held for us ? ?
Well , Dietrich won't budge from McCormick Place .
Then how about the Civic Opera House ? ?
Well , Allied Arts has booked Lena Horne there for a week starting Dec. 4 .
Queried about the impasse , Allied Arts said : `` Better cancel the Kirov for the time being .
It's all up in the air again '' .
So the Kirov will fly back to Russia , minus a Chicago engagement , a serious loss for dance fans -- and for the frustrated bookers , cancellation of one of the richest bookings in the country .
Will somebody please reopen the Auditorium ? ?
Paintings and drawings by Marie Moore of St. Thomas , Virgin Islands , are shown thru Nov. 5 at the Meadows Gallery , 3211 Ellis Av. , week days , 3 p.m. to 8 p.m. , Sundays 3 p.m. to 6 p.m. , closed Mondays .
An exhibition of Evelyn Cibula's paintings will open with a reception Nov. 5 at the Evanston Community center , 828 Davis St. .
It will continue all month .
Abstractions and semi-abstractions by Everett McNear are being exhibited by the University Gallery of Notre Dame until Nov. 5 .
In the line of operatic trades to cushion the budget , the Dallas Civic Opera will use San Francisco's new Leni Bauer-Ecsy production of `` Lucia Di Lammermoor '' this season , returning the favor next season when San Francisco uses the Dallas `` Don Giovanni '' , designed by Franco Zeffirelli .
H E. Bates has scribbled a farce called `` Hark , Hark , The Lark '' ! !
It is one of the most entertaining and irresponsible novels of the season .
If there is a moral lurking among the shenanigans , it is hard to find .
Perhaps the lesson we should take from these pages is that the welfare state in England still allows wild scope for all kinds of rugged eccentrics .
Anyway , a number of them meet here in devastating collisions .
One is an imperial London stockbroker called Jerebohm .
Another is a wily countryman called Larkin , whose blandly boisterous progress has been chronicled , I believe , in earlier volumes of Mr. Bates' comedie humaine .
What's up now ? ?
Well , Jerebohm and his wife Pinkie have reached the stage of affluence that stirs a longing for the more atrociously expensive rustic simplicities .
They want to own a junior-grade castle , or a manor house , or some modest little place where Shakespeare might once have staged a pageant for Great Elizabeth and all her bearded courtiers .
They are willing to settle , however , in anything that offers pheasants to shoot at and peasants to work at .
And of course Larkin has just the thing they want .
Splendor by sorcery
It's a horror .
The name of it is Gore Court , and it is surrounded by a wasteland that would impress T. S. Eliot .
That's not precisely the way Larkin urges them to look at it , though .
He conjures herds of deer , and wild birds crowding the air .
He suggests that Gore Court embodies all the glories of Tudor splendor .
The stained-glass windows may have developed unpremeditated patinas , the paneling may be no more durable than the planks in a political platform .
The vast , dungeon kitchens may seem hardly worth using except on occasions when one is faced with a thousand unexpected guests for lunch .
Larkin has an answer to all that .
The spaciousness of the Tudor cooking areas , for example , will provide needed space for the extra television sets required by modern butlers , cooks and maids .
Also , perhaps , table-tennis and other indoor sports to keep them fit and contented .
It's a wonder , really , to how much mendacious trouble Larkin puts himself to sell the Jerebohms that preposterous manse .
He doesn't really need the immense sum of money ( probably converted from American gold on the London Exchange ) he makes them pay .
For Larkin is already wonderfully contented with his lot .
He has a glorious wife and many children .
When he needs money to buy something like , say , the Rolls-Royce he keeps near his vegetable patch , he takes a flyer in the sale of surplus army supplies .
One of those capital-gains ventures , in fact , has saddled him with Gore Court .
He is willing to sell it just to get it off his hands .
And the Jerebohms are more than willing to buy it .
They plan to become county people who know the proper way to terminate a fox's life on earth .
First one , then the other
If , in Larkin's eyes , they are nothing but Piccadilly farmers , he has as much to learn about them as they have to learn about the ways of truly rural living .
Mr. Bates shows us how this mutual education spreads its inevitable havoc .
Oneupmanship is practiced by both sides in a total war .
First the Larkins are ahead , then the Jerebohms .
After Larkin has been persuaded to restock his tangled acres with pheasants , he poaches only what he needs for the nourishment of his family and local callers .
One of the local callers , a retired brigadier apparently left over from Kipling's tales of India , does not approve of the way Larkin gets his birds .
He doesn't think that potting them from a deck chair on the south side of the house with a quart glass of beer for sustenance is entirely sporting .
But the brigadier dines on the birds with relish .
It is truly odd and ironic that the most handsome and impressive film yet made from Miguel De Cervantes' `` Don Quixote '' is the brilliant Russian spectacle , done in wide screen and color , which opened yesterday at the Fifty-fifth Street and Sixty-eighth Street Playhouses .
More than a beautiful visualization of the illustrious adventures and escapades of the tragi-comic knight-errant and his squire , Sancho Panza , in seventeenth-century Spain , this inevitably abbreviated rendering of the classic satire on chivalry is an affectingly warm and human exposition of character .
Nikolai Cherkasov , the Russian actor who has played such heroic roles as Alexander Nevsky and Ivan the Terrible , performs the lanky Don Quixote , and does so with a simple dignity that bridges the inner nobility and the surface absurdity of this poignant man .
His addle-brained knight-errant , self-appointed to the ridiculous position in an age when armor had already been relegated to museums and the chivalrous code of knight-errantry had become a joke , is , as Cervantes no doubt intended , a gaunt but gracious symbol of good , moving soberly and sincerely in a world of cynics , hypocrites and rogues .
Cherkasov does not caricature him , as some actors have been inclined to do .
He treats this deep-eyed , bearded , bony crackpot with tangible affection and respect .
Directed by Grigory Kozintsev in a tempo that is studiously slow , he develops a sense of a high tradition shining brightly and passing gravely through an impious world .
The complexities of communication have been considerably abetted in this case by appropriately stilted English language that has been excellently dubbed in place of the Russian dialogue .
The voices of all the characters , including that of Cherkasov , have richness , roughness or color to conform with the personalities .
And the subtleties of the dialogue are most helpfully conveyed .
Since Russian was being spoken instead of Spanish , there is no violation of artistry or logic here .
Splendid , too , is the performance of Yuri Tolubeyev , one of Russia's leading comedians , as Sancho Panza , the fat , grotesque `` squire '' .
Though his character is broader and more comically rounded than the don , he gives it a firmness and toughness -- a sort of peasant dignity -- too .
It is really as though the Russians have seen in this character the oftentimes underlying vitality and courage of supposed buffoons .
The episode in which Sancho Panza concludes the joke that is played on him when he is facetiously put in command of an `` island '' is one of the best in the film .
True , the pattern and flow of the drama have strong literary qualities that are a bit wearisome in the first half , before Don Quixote goes to the duke's court .
But strength and poignancy develop thenceforth , and the windmill and deathbed episodes gather the threads of realization of the wonderfulness of the old boy .
There are other good representations of peasants and people of the court by actors who are finely costumed and magnificently photographed in this last of the Russian films to reach this country in the program of joint cultural exchange .
Also on the bill at the Fifty-fifth Street is a nice ten-minute color film called `` Sunday In Greenwich Village '' , a tour of the haunts and joints .
Television has yet to work out a living arrangement with jazz , which comes to the medium more as an uneasy guest than as a relaxed member of the family .
There seems to be an unfortunate assumption that an hour of Chicago-style jazz in prime evening time , for example , could not be justified without the trimmings of a portentous documentary .
At least this seemed to be the working hypothesis for `` Chicago And All That Jazz '' , presented on NBC-TV Nov. 26 .
The program came out of the NBC Special Projects department , and was slotted in the Du Pont Show Of The Week series .
Perhaps Special Projects necessarily thinks along documentary lines .
If so , it might be worth while to assign a future jazz show to a different department -- one with enough confidence in the musical material to cut down on the number of performers and give them a little room to display their talents .
As a matter of fact , this latter approach has already been tried , and with pleasing results .
A few years ago a `` Timex All-Star Jazz Show '' offered a broad range of styles , ranging from Lionel Hampton's big band to the free-wheeling Dukes Of Dixieland .
An enthusiastic audience confirmed the `` live '' character of the hour , and provided the interaction between musician and hearer which almost always seems to improve the quality of performance .
About that same time John Crosby's TV series on the popular arts proved again that giving jazz ample breathing space is one of the most sensible things a producer can do .
In an hour remembered for its almost rudderless movement , a score of jazz luminaries went before the cameras for lengthy periods .
The program had been arranged to permit the establishment of a mood of intense concentration on the music .
Cameras stared at soloists' faces in extreme closeups , then considerately pulled back for full views of ensemble work .
`` Chicago And All That Jazz '' could not be faulted on the choice of artists .
Some of the in-person performers were Jack Teagarden , Gene Krupa , Bud Freeman , Pee Wee Russell , Johnny St. Cyr , Joe Sullivan , Red Allen , Lil Armstrong , Blossom Seeley .
The jazz buff could hardly ask for more .
Furthermore , Garry Moore makes an ideal master of ceremonies .
( He played host at the Timex show already mentioned .
)
One of the script's big problems was how to blend pictures and music of the past with live performances by musicians of today .
NBC had gathered a lot of historical material which it was eager to share .
For example , there was sheet music with the word `` jazz '' in the title , to illustrate how a word of uncertain origin took hold .
Samples zoomed into closeup range in regular succession , like telephone poles passing on the highway , while representative music reinforced the mood of the late teens and 1920's .
However well chosen and cleverly arranged , such memorabilia unfortunately amounted to more of an interruption than an auxiliary to the evening's main business , which ( considering the talent at hand ) should probably have been the gathering of fresh samples of the Chicago style .
Another source of NBC pride was its rare film clip of Bix Beiderbecke , but this view of the great trumpeter flew by so fast that a prolonged wink would have blotted out the entire glimpse .
Similarly , in presenting still photographs of early jazz groups , the program allowed no time for a close perusal .
`` Chicago And All That Jazz '' may have wound up satisfying neither the confirmed fan nor the inquisitive newcomer .
By trying to be both a serious survey of a bygone era and a showcase for today's artists , the program turned out to be a not-quite-perfect example of either .
Still , the network's willingness to experiment in this musical field is to be commended , and future essays happily anticipated .
Even Joan Sutherland may not have anticipated the tremendous reception she received from the Metropolitan Opera audience attending her debut as Lucia in Donizetti's `` Lucia Di Lammermoor '' Sunday night .
The crowd staged its own mad scene in salvos of cheers and applause and finally a standing ovation as Miss Sutherland took curtain call after curtain call following a fantastic `` Mad Scene '' created on her own and with the help of the composer and the other performers .
Her entrance in Scene 2 , Act 1 , brought some disconcerting applause even before she had sung a note .
Thereafter the audience waxed applause-happy , but discriminating operagoers reserved judgment as her singing showed signs of strain , her musicianship some questionable procedure and her acting uncomfortable stylization .
As she gained composure during the second act , her technical resourcefulness emerged stronger , though she had already revealed a trill almost unprecedented in years of performances of `` Lucia '' .
She topped the sextet brilliantly .
Each high note had the crowd in ecstasy so that it stopped the show midway in the `` Mad Scene '' , but the real reason was a realization of the extraordinary performance unfolding at the moment .
Miss Sutherland appeared almost as another person in this scene : A much more girlish Lucia , a sensational coloratura who ran across stage while singing , and an actress immersed in her role .
What followed the outburst brought almost breathless silence as Miss Sutherland revealed her mastery of a voice probably unique among sopranos today .
This big , flexible voice with uncommon range has been superbly disciplined .
Nervousness at the start must have caused the blemishes of her first scene , or she may warm up slowly .
In the fullness of her vocal splendor , however , she could sing the famous scene magnificently .
Technically it was fascinating , aurally spell-binding , and dramatically quite realistic .
Many years have passed since a Metropolitan audience heard anything comparable .
Her debut over , perhaps the earlier scenes will emerge equally fine .
The performance also marked the debut of a most promising young conductor , Silvio Varviso .
He injected more vitality into the score than it has revealed in many years .
He may respect too much the Italian tradition of letting singers hold on to their notes , but to restrain them in a singers' opera may be quite difficult .
Richard Tucker sang Edgardo in glorious voice .
His bel canto style gave the performance a special distinction .
The remainder of the cast fulfilled its assignments no more than satisfactorily just as the old production and limited stage direction proved only serviceable .
Miss Sutherland first sang Lucia at Covent Garden in 1959 .
( The first Metropolitan Opera broadcast on Dec. 9 will introduce her as Lucia .
) She has since turned to Bellini , whose opera `` Beatrice Di Tenda '' in a concert version with the American Opera Society introduced her to New York last season .
She will sing `` La Sonambula '' with it here next week .
Anyone for musical Ping-pong ? ?
It's really quite fun -- as long as you like games .
You will need a stereo music system , with speakers preferably placed at least seven or eight feet apart , and one or more of the new London `` Phase 4 '' records .
There are 12 of these to choose from , all of them of popular music except for the star release , Pass In Review ( SP-44001 ) .
This features the marching songs of several nations , recorded as though the various national bands were marching by your reviewing stand .
Complete with crowd effects , interruptions by jet planes , and sundry other touches of realism , this disc displays London's new technique to the best effect .
All of the jackets carry a fairly technical and detailed explanation of this new recording program .
No reference is made to the possibility of recording other than popular music in this manner , and it would not seem to lend itself well to serious music .
Directionality is greatly exaggerated most of the time ; ;
but when the sounds of the two speakers are allowed to mix , there is excellent depth and dimension to the music .
You definitely hear some of the instruments close up and others farther back , with the difference in placement apparently more distinct than would result from the nearer instruments merely being louder than the ones farther back .
This is a characteristic of good stereo recording and one of its tremendous advantages over monaural sound .
London explains that the very distinct directional effect in the Phase 4 series is due in large part to their novel methods of microphoning and recording the music on a number of separate tape channels .
These are then mixed by their sound engineers with the active co-operation of the musical staff and combined into the final two channels which are impressed on the record .
In some of the numbers the instrumental parts have even been recorded at different times and then later combined on the master tape to produce special effects .
Some clue to the character of London's approach in these discs may be gained immediately from the fact that ten of the 12 titles include the word `` percussion '' or `` percussive '' .
Drums , xylophones , castanets , and other percussive instruments are reproduced remarkably well .
Only too often , however , you have the feeling that you are sitting in a room with some of the instruments lined up on one wall to your left and others facing them on the wall to your right .
They are definitely in the same room with you , but your head starts to swing as though you were sitting on the very edge of a tennis court watching a spirited volley .
The Percussive Twenties ( SP-44006 ) stirs pleasant memories with well-known songs of that day , and Johnny Keating's Kombo gives forth with tingling jazz in Percussive Moods ( SP-44005 ) .
Big Band Percussion ( SP-44002 ) seemed one of the least attractive discs -- the arrangements just didn't have so much character as the others .
There is an extraordinary sense of presence in all of these recordings , apparently obtained at least in part by emphasizing the middle and high frequencies .
The penalty for this is noticeable in the big , bold , brilliant , but brassy piano sounds in Melody And Percussion For Two Pianos ( SP-44007 ) .
All of the releases , however , are recorded at a gratifyingly high level , with resultant masking of any surface noise .
Pass In Review practically guarantees enjoyment , and is a dramatic demonstration of the potentialities of any stereo music system .
Many Hollywood films manage somehow to be authentic , but not realistic .
Strange , but true -- authenticity and realism often aren't related at all .
Almost every film bearing the imprimatur of Hollywood is physically authentic -- in fact , impeccably so .
In any given period piece the costumes , bric-a-brac , vehicles , and decor , bear the stamp of unimpeachable authenticity .
The major studios maintain a cadre of film librarians and research specialists who look to this matter .
During the making recently of an important Biblical film , some 40 volumes of research material and sketches not only of costumes and interiors , but of architectural developments , sports arenas , vehicles , and other paraphernalia were compiled , consulted , and complied with .
But , alas , the authenticity seems to stop at the set's edge .
The drama itself -- and this seems to be lavishly true of Biblical drama -- often has hardly any relationship with authenticity at all .
The storyline , in sort , is wildly unrealistic .
Thus , in `` The Story Of Ruth '' we have Ruth , Naomi , and Boaz and sets that are meticulously authentic .
But except for a vague adherence to the basic storyline -- i.e. , that Ruth remained with Naomi and finally wound up with Boaz -- the film version has little to do with the Bible .
And in the new `` King Of Kings '' the plot involves intrigues and twists and turns that cannot be traced to the Gospels .
Earlier this month Edward R. Murrow , director of the United States Information Agency , came to Hollywood and had dinner with more than 100 leaders of the motion picture industry .
He talked about unauthentic storylines too .
He intimated that they weren't doing the country much good in the Cold War .
And to an industry that prides itself on authenticity , he urged greater realism .
`` In many corners of the globe '' , he said , `` the major source of impressions about this country are in the movies they meet .
Would we want a future-day Gibbon or Macaulay recounting the saga of America with movies as his prime source of knowledge ? ?
Yet for much of the globe , Hollywood is just that -- prime , if not sole , source of knowledge .
If a man totally ignorant of America were to judge our land and its civilization based on Hollywood alone , what conclusions do you think he might come to ? ?
Francois D'Albert , Hungarian-born violinist who made his New York debut three years ago , played a return engagement last night in Judson Hall .
He is now president of the Chicago Conservatory College .
His pianist was Donald Jenni , a faculty member at DePaul University .
The acoustics of the small hall had been misgauged by the artists , so that for the first half of the program , when the piano was partially open , Mr. Jenni's playing was too loud .
In vying with him , Mr. D'Albert also seemed to be overdriving his tone .
This was not an overriding drawback to enjoyment of the performances , however , except in the case of the opening work , Mozart's Sonata in A ( K. 526 ) , which clattered along noisily in an unrelieved fashion .
Brahm's Sonata in A , although also vigorous , stood up well under the two artists' strong , large-scale treatment .
Mr. D'Albert has a firm , attractive tone , which eschews an overly sweet vibrato .
He made the most of the long Brahmsian phrases , and by the directness and drive of his playing gave the work a handsome performance .
A Sonata For Violin And Piano , called `` Bella Bella '' , by Robert Fleming , was given its first United States performance .
The title refers to the nickname given his wife by the composer , who is also a member of the National Film Board of Canada .
The work's two movements , one melodically sentimental , the other brightly capricious , are clever enough in a Ravel-like style , but they rehash a wornout idiom .
They might well indicate conjugal felicity , but in musical terms that smack of Hollywood .
Works by Dohnanyi , Hubay , Mr. D'Albert himself and Paganini , indicated that the violinist had some virtuoso fireworks up his sleeve as well as a reserved attitude toward a lyric phrase .
Standard items by Sarasate and Saint-Saens completed the program .
In recent years Anna Xydis has played with the New York Philharmonic and at Lewisohn Stadium , but her program last night at Town Hall was the Greek-born pianist's first New York recital since 1948 .
Miss Xydis has a natural affinity for the keyboard , and in the twenty years since her debut here she has gained the authority and inner assurance that lead to audience control .
And the tone she commands is always beautiful in sound .
Since she also has considerable technical virtuosity and a feeling for music in the romantic tradition , Miss Xydis gave her listeners a good deal of pleasure .
She played with style and a touch of the grand manner , and every piece she performed was especially effective in its closing measures .
The second half of her program was devoted to Russian composers of this century .
It was in them that Miss Xydis was at her best .
The Rachmaninoff Prelude No. 12 , Op. 32 , for instance , gave her an opportunity to exploit one of her special facilities -- the ability to produce fine deep-sounding bass tones while contrasting them simultaneously with fine silver filagree in the treble .
The four Kabalevsky Preludes were also assured , rich in color and songful .
And the Prokofieff Seventh Sonata had the combination of romanticism and modern bravura that Prokofieff needs .
Miss Xydis' earlier selections were Mendelssohn's Variations Serieuses , in which each variation was nicely set off from the others ; ;
Haydn's Sonata in E minor , which was unfailingly pleasant in sound , and Chopin's Sonata in B flat minor .
A memory lapse in the last somewhat marred the pianist's performance .
So , what was the deepest music on her program had the poorest showing .
Miss Xydis was best when she did not need to be too probing .
All the generals who held important commands in World War 2 , did not write books .
It only seems as if they did .
And the best books by generals were not necessarily the first ones written .
One of the very best is only now published in this country , five years after its first publication in England .
It is `` Defeat Into Victory '' , by Field Marshal Viscount Slim .
A long book heavily weighted with military technicalities , in this edition it is neither so long nor so technical as it was originally .
Field Marshal Slim has abridged it for the benefit of `` those who , finding not so great an attraction in accounts of military moves and counter-moves , are more interested in men and their reactions to stress , hardship and danger '' .
The man whose reactions and conclusions get the most space is , of course , the Field Marshal himself .
William Joseph Slim , First Viscount Slim , former Governor General of Australia , was the principal British commander in the field during the Burma War .
He had been a corps commander during the disastrous defeat and retreat of 1942 when the ill-prepared , ill-equipped British forces `` were outmaneuvered , outfought and outgeneraled '' .
He returned in command of an international army of Gurkhas , Indians , Africans , Chinese and British .
And in a series of bitterly fought battles in the jungles and hills and along the great rivers of Burma he waged one of the most brilliant campaigns of the war .
`` The Forgotten War '' his soldiers called the Burma fighting because the war in Africa and Europe enjoyed priorities in equipment and in headlines .
Parts of `` Defeat Into Victory '' are a tangle of Burmese place names and military units , but a little application makes everything clear enough .
On the whole this is an interesting and exceptionally well-written book .
Field Marshal Slim is striking in description , amusing in many anecdotes .
He has a pleasant sense of humor and is modest enough to admit mistakes and even `` a cardinal error '' .
He praises many individuals generously .
He himself seems to be tough , tireless , able and intelligent , more intellectual and self-critical than most soldiers .
Remaking an army to win
`` Defeat Into Victory '' is a dramatic and lively military narrative .
But it is most interesting in its account of the unending problems of high command , of decisions and their reasons , of the myriad matters that demand attention in addition to battle action .
Before he could return to Burma , Field Marshal Slim had to rally the defeated remnants of a discouraged army and unite them with fresh recruits .
His remarks about training , discipline , morale , leadership and command are enlightening .
He believed in making inspiring speeches and he made a great many .
He believed in being seen near the front lines and he was there .
For general morale reasons and to encourage the efforts of his supply officers , when food was short for combat troops he cut the rations of his headquarters staff accordingly .
Other crucial matters required constant supervision : labor and all noncombatant troops , whose morale was vital , too ; ;
administrative organization and delicate diplomatic relations with Top Brass -- British , American and Chinese ; ;
health , hygiene , medical aid and preventive medicine ; ;
hospitals ( inadequate ) and nurses ( scanty ) ; ;
food and military supplies ; ;
logistics and transport ; ;
airdrops and airstrips ; ;
roads and river barges to be built .
Expected of a commander
Commenting on these and other matters , Field Marshal Slim makes many frank and provocative remarks :
`` When in doubt as to two courses of action , a general should choose the bolder '' .
`` The commander has failed in his duty if he has not won victory -- for that is his duty '' .
`` It only does harm to talk to troops about new and desirable equipment which others may have but which you cannot give them .
It depresses them .
So I made no mention of air transport until we could get at least some of it '' .
Field Marshal Slim is more impressed by the courage of Japanese soldiers than he is by the ability of their commanders .
Of the Japanese private he says : `` He fought and marched till he died .
If 500 Japanese were ordered to hold a position , we had to kill 495 before it was ours -- and then the last five killed themselves '' .
Brooding about future wars , the Field Marshal has this to say : `` The Asian fighting man is at least equally brave ( as the white ) , usually more careless of death , less encumbered by mental doubts , less troubled by humanitarian sentiment , and not so moved by slaughter and mutilation around him .
He is , by background and living standards , better fitted to endure hardship uncomplainingly , to demand less in the way of subsistence or comfort , and to look after himself when thrown on his own resources '' .
A bunch of young buckaroos from out West , who go by the name of Texas Boys Choir , loped into Town Hall last night and succeeded in corralling the hearts of a sizable audience .
Actually , the program they sang was at least two-thirds serious and high-minded , and they sang it beautifully .
Under the capable direction of the choir's founder , Geroge Bragg , the twenty-six boys made some lovely sounds in an opening group of Renaissance and Baroque madrigals and motets , excerpts from Pergolesi's `` Stabat Mater '' and all of the Britten `` Ceremonial Of Carols '' .
Their singing was well-balanced , clear and , within obvious limitations , extremely pleasing .
The limitations are those one expects from untrained and unsettled voices -- an occasional shrillness of almost earsplitting intensity , an occasional waver and now and then a bleat .
But Mr. Bragg is a remarkably gifted conductor , and the results he has produced with his boys are generally superior .
Most surprising of all , he has accomplished some prodigies in training for the production of words .
The Latin , for example , was not only clear ; ;
it was even beautiful .
Furthermore , there were solid musical virtues in the interpretation of the music .
Lines came out neatly and in good balance .
Tempos were lively .
The piano accompaniments by Istvan Szelenyi were stylish .
A boy soprano named Dixon Boyd sang a Durante solo motet and a few other passages enchantingly .
Other capable soloists included David Clifton , Joseph Schockler and Pat Thompson .
The final group included folk songs from back home , stomped out , shouted and chanted with irresistible spirit and in cowboy costume .
Boys will be boys , and Texans will be Texans .
The combination proved quite irresistible last night .
The Polish song and dance company called Mazowsze , after the region of Poland , where it has its headquarters , opened a three-week engagement at the City Center last night .
A thoroughly ingratiating company it is , and when the final curtain falls you may suddenly realize that you have been sitting with a broad grin on your face all evening .
Not that it is all funny , by any means , though some of it is definitely so , but simply that the dancers are young and handsome , high-spirited and communicative , and the program itself is as vivacious as it is varied .
There is no use at all in trying to follow it dance by dance and title by title , for it has a kind of nonstop format , and moves along in an admirable continuity that demands no pauses for identification .
The material is all basically of folk origin , gleaned from every section of Poland .
But under the direction of Mira Ziminska-Sygietynska , who with her late husband founded the organization in 1948 , it has all been put into theatrical form , treated selectively , choreographed specifically for presentation to spectators , and performed altogether professionally .
Under the surface of the wide range of folk movements is apparent a sound technical ballet training , and an equally professional sense of performing .
Since the organization was created thirteen years ago , it is obvious that this is not the original company ; ;
it is more likely the sons and daughters of that company .
The girls are charming children and the men are wonderfully vital and engaging youngsters .
The stage is constantly full of them ; ;
indeed , there are never fewer than eight of them on stage , and that is only for the more intimate numbers .
They can be exuberant or sentimental , flirtatious or funny , but the only thing they seem unable to be is dull .
To pick out particular numbers is something of a problem , but one or two identifiable items are too conspicuously excellent to be missed .
There is , for example , a stunning Krakowiak that closes the first act ; ;
the mazurka choreographed by Witold Zapala to music from Moniuszko's opera , `` Strasny Dwor' , may be the most beautiful mazurka you are likely ever to see ; ;
there is an enchanting polonaise ; ;
and the dances and songs from the Tatras contain a magnificent dance for the men .
Everywhere there are little touches of humor , and the leader of the on-stage band of musicians is an ebullient comedian who plays all sorts of odd instruments with winning warmth .
The Theatre-by-the-Sea , Matunuck , presents `` King Of Hearts '' by Jean Kerr and Eleanor Brooke .
Directed by Michael Murray ; ;
settings by William David Roberts .
The cast :
Producer John Holmes has chosen a delightful comedy for his season's opener at Matunuck in Jean Kerr's `` King Of Hearts '' .
The dialogue is sharp , witty and candid -- typical `` don't eat the daisies '' material -- which has stamped the author throughout her books and plays , and it was obvious that the Theatre-by-the-Sea audience liked it .
The story is of a famous strip cartoonist , an arty individual , whose specialty is the American boy and who adopts a 10-year-old to provide him with fresh idea material .
This is when his troubles begin , not to mention a fledgling artist who he hires , and who turns out to have ideas of his own , with particular respect to the hero's sweetheart-secretary .
John Heffernan , playing Larry Larkin , the cartoonist , carries the show in marvelous fashion .
His portrayal of an edgy head-in-the-clouds artist is virtually flawless .
This may be unfortunate , perhaps , from the standpoint of David Hedison , Providence's contribution to Hollywood , who is appearing by special arrangement with 20th Century-Fox .
Not that Mr. Hedison does not make the most of his role .
He does , and more .
But the book is written around a somewhat dizzy cartoonist , and it has to be that way .
A word should be said for Gary Morgan , a Broadway youngster who , as the adopted son , makes life miserable for nearly everybody and Larkin in particular .
And for his playmate , Francis Coletta of West Warwick , who has a bit part , Billy .
On the whole , audiences will like this performance .
It is a tremendous book , lively , constantly moving , and the Matunuck cast does well by it .
The Newport Playhouse presents `` Epitaph For George Dillon '' by John Osborne and Anthony Creighton , directed by Wallace Gray .
The cast :
The angriest young man in Newport last night was at the Playhouse , where `` Epitaph For George Dillon '' opened as the jazz festival closed .
For the hero of this work by John Osborne and Anthony Creighton is a chap embittered by more than the lack of beer during a jam session .
He's mad at a world he did not make .
Furthermore , he's something of a scoundrel , an artist whose mind and feelings are all finger-tips .
This is in contrast to the family with whom he boards .
They not only think and feel cliches but live cliches as well .
It is into this household , one eroded by irritations that have tortured the souls out of its people , that George Dillon enters at the beginning of the play .
An unsuccessful playwright and actor , he has faith only in himself and in a talent he is not sure exists .
By the end of the third act , the artist is dead but the body lingers on , a shell among other shells .
Not altogether a successful play , `` Epitaph For George Dillon '' overcomes through sheer vitality and power what in a lesser work might be crippling .
It is awfully talky , for instance , and not all of the talk is terribly impressive .
But it strikes sparks on occasion and their light causes all else to be forgotten .
There is a fine second act , as an example , one in which Samuel Groom , as Dillon , has an opportunity to blaze away in one impassioned passage after another .
This is an exciting young actor to watch .
Just as exciting but in a more technically proficient way is Laura Stuart , whose complete control of her every movement is lovely to watch .
Miss Stuart is as intensely vibrant as one could wish , almost an icy shriek threatening to explode at any moment .
Also fine are Sue Lawless , as a mother more protective and belligerent than a female spider and just as destructive , Harold Cherry , as her scratchy spouse , and Hildy Weissman , as a vegetable in human form .
Wallace Gray has directed a difficult play here , usually well , but with just a bit too much physical movement in the first act for my taste .
Still , his finale is put together with taste and a most sensitive projection of that pale sustenance , despair .
The Warwick Musical Theater presents `` Where's Charley ? ?
'' With music and lyrics by Frank Loesser , directed by Christopher Hewett , choreography by Peter Conlow , musical direction by Samuel Matlowsky .
The cast :
Everybody fell in love with Amy again last night at the Warwick Musical Theater , and Shelley Berman was to blame .
One of the finest soft shoe tunes ever invented , `` Once In Love With Amy '' is also , of course , one of the most tantalizingly persistent of light love lyrics to come out of American musical comedy in our era .
So the audience last night was all ears and eyes just after Act 2 , got a rousing opening chorus , `` Where's Charley ? ?
'' , and Berman sifted out all alone on the stage with the ambling chords and beat of the song just whispering into being .
It is greatly to Berman's credit that he made no attempt to outdo Ray Bolger .
He dropped his earlier and delightful hamming , which is about the only way to handle the old war horse called `` Charley's Aunt '' , and let himself go with as appealing an `` Amy '' as anybody could ask .
In brief , Berman played himself and not Bolger .
The big audience started applauding even before he had finished .
The whole production this week is fresh and lively .
The costumes are stunning evocations of the voluminous gowns and picture hats of the Gibson Girl days .
The ballet work is on the nose , especially in the opening number by `` The New Ashmolean Marching Society and Students' Conservatory Band '' , along with a fiery and sultry Brazilian fantasia later .
Berman , whose fame has rested in recent years on his skills as a night club monologist , proved himself very much at home in musical comedy .
Sparrow-size Virginia Gibson , with sparkling blue eyes and a cheerful smile , made a suitably perky Amy , while Melisande Congdon , as the real aunt , was positively monumental in the very best Gibson Girl manner .
All told , `` Where's Charley ? ?
'' Ought not to be missed .
It has a fast pace , excellent music , expert direction , and not only a good comedian , but an appealing person in his own right , Mr. Berman .
The Broadway Theater League of Rhode Island presents C. Edwin Knill's and Martin Tahse's production of `` Fiorello ! !
'' At Veterans Memorial Auditorium .
The book is by Jerome Weidman and George Abbott , music by Jerry Bock , lyrics by Sheldon Harnick , choreography by Peter Gennaro , scenery , costumes and lighting by William and Jean Eckart , musical direction by Jack Elliott , and the production was directed by Mr. Abbott .
The cast :
This is one of the happier events of the season .
The company which performed the Pulitzer Prize musical here last night and will repeat it twice today is full of bounce , the politicians are in fine voice , the chorines evoke happy memories , and the Little Flower rides to break a lance again .
I saw `` Fiorello ! !
'' Performed in New York by the original cast and I think this company is every bit as good , and perhaps better .
Certainly in the matter of principals there is nothing lacking .
Bob Carroll may not bear quite as close a physical resemblance to LaGuardia as Tom Bosley does , but I was amazed at the way he became more and more Fiorello as the evening progressed , until one had to catch one's self up and remember that this wasn't really LaGuardia come back among us again .
Then Rudy Bond was simply grand as Ben , the distraught Republican Party district chieftain .
And Paul Lipson , as Morris , the faithful one who never gets home to his Shirley's dinner , was fine , too .
As for the ladies , they were full of charm , and sincerity , and deep and abiding affection for this hurrying driving , honest , little man .
Charlotte Fairchild was excellent as the loyal Marie , who became the second Mrs. LaGuardia , singing and acting with remarkable conviction .
Jen Nelson , as Thea , his first wife , managed to make that short role impressive .
And little Zeme North , a Dora with real spirit and verve , was fascinating whether she was singing of her love for Floyd , the cop who becomes sewer commissioner and then is promoted into garbage , or just dancing to display her exuberant feelings .
Such fascinating novelties in the score as the fugual treatment of `` On The Side Of The Angels '' and `` Politics And Poker '' were handled splendidly , and I thought Rudy Bond and his band of tuneful ward-heelers made `` Little Tin Box '' even better than it was done by the New York cast ; ;
all the words of its clever lyrics came through with perfect clarity .
The party at Floyd's penthouse gave the `` chorines '' a chance for a nostalgic frolic through all those hackneyed routines which have become a classic choreographic statement of the era's nonsense .
LaGuardia's multi-lingual rallies , when he is running for Congress , are well staged , and wind up in a wild Jewish folk-dance that is really great musical theater .
Martin Tahse has established quite a reputation for himself as a successful stager of touring productions .
Not a corner has been visibly cut in this one .
The sets are remarkably elaborate for a road-show that doesn't pause long in any one place , and they are devised so that they shift with a minimum of interruption or obtrusiveness .
( Several times recently I have wondered whether shows were being staged for the sake of the script or just to entertain the audience with the spectacle of scenery being shifted right in front of their eyes .
I'm glad to say there's none of that distraction in this `` Fiorello ! !
'' )
It has all been done in superb style , and the result is a show which deserves the support of every person hereabouts who enjoys good musical theater .
Loew's theater presents `` Where The Boys Are '' , an MGM picture produced by Joe Pasternak and directed by Henry Levin from a screenplay by George Wells .
The cast :
Since the hero , a sterling and upright fellow , is a rich Brown senior , while two Yalies are cast as virtual rapists , I suppose I should disqualify myself from sitting in judgment on `` Where The Boys Are '' , but I shall do nothing of the sort .
Instead -- and not just to prove my objectivity -- I hasten to report that it's a highly amusing film which probably does a fairly accurate job of reporting on the Easter vacation shenanigans of collegians down in Fort Lauderdale , and that it seems to come to grips quite honestly with the moral problem that most commonly vexes youngsters in this age group -- that is to say , sex .
The answers the girls give struck me as reasonably varied and healthily individual .
If most of them weren't exactly specific -- well , that's the way it is in life , I guess .
But at least it's reassuring to see some teenagers who don't profess to know all the answers and are thinking about their problems instead .
`` Where The Boys Are '' also has a juvenile bounce that makes for a refreshing venture in comedy .
There are some sharp and whipping lines and some hilariously funny situations -- the best of the latter being a mass impromptu plunge into a nightclub tank where a `` mermaid '' is performing .
Most of the female faces are new , or at least not too familiar .
Dolores Hart , is charming in a leading role , and quite believable .
I was delighted with Paula Prentiss' comedy performance , which was as fresh and unstilted as one's highest hopes might ask .
A couple of the males made good comedy , too -- Jim Hutton and Frank Gorshin .
The only performance which was too soft for me was that of Yvette Mimieux , but since someone had to become the victim of despoilers , just to emphasize that such things do happen at these fracases , I suppose this was the attitude the part called for .
I must say , however , that I preferred the acting that had something of a biting edge to it .
To anyone who remembers Newport at its less than maximum violence , this view of what the boys and girls do in the springtime before they wing north for the Jazz Festival ought to prove entertaining .
The second feature , `` The Price Of Silence '' , is a British detective story that will talk your head off .
The superb intellectual and spiritual vitality of William James was never more evident than in his letters .
Here was a man with an enormous gift for living as well as thinking .
To both persons and ideas he brought the same delighted interest , the same open-minded relish for what was unique in each , the same discriminating sensibility and quicksilver intelligence , the same gallantry of judgment .
For this latest addition to the Great Letters Series , under the general editorship of Louis Kronenberger , Miss Hardwick has made a selection which admirably displays the variety of James's genius , not to mention the felicities of his style .
And how he could write ! !
His famous criticism of brother Henry's `` third style '' is surely as subtly , even elegantly , worded an analysis of the latter's intricate air castles as Henry himself could ever have produced .
His letter to his daughter on the pains of growing up is surely as trenchant , forthright , and warmly understanding a piece of advice as ever a grown-up penned to a sensitive child , and with just the right tone of unpatronizing good humor .
Most of all , his letters to his philosophic colleagues show a magnanimity as well as an honesty which help to explain Whitehead's reference to James as `` that adorable genius '' .
Miss Hardwick speaks of his `` superb gift for intellectual friendship '' , and it is certainly a joy to see the intellectual life lived so free from either academic aridity or passionate dogmatism .
This is a virtue of which we have great need in a society where there seems to be an increasing lack of communication -- or even desire for communication -- between differing schools of thought .
It holds an equally valuable lesson for a society where the word `` intellectual '' has become a term of opprobrium to millions of well-meaning people who somehow imagine that it must be destructive of the simpler human virtues .
To his Harvard colleague , Josiah Royce , whose philosophic position differed radically from his own , James could write , `` Different as our minds are , yours has nourished mine , as no other social influence ever has , and in converse with you I have always felt that my life was being lived importantly '' .
Of another colleague , George Santayana , he could write : `` The great event in my life recently has been the reading of Santayana's book .
Although I absolutely reject the Platonism of it , I have literally squealed with delight at the imperturbable perfection with which the position is laid down on page after page '' .
Writing to his colleague George Herbert Palmer -- `` Glorious old Palmer '' , as he addresses him -- James says that if only the students at Harvard could really understand Royce , Santayana , Palmer , and himself and see that their varying systems are `` so many religions , ways of fronting life , and worth fighting for '' , then Harvard would have a genuine philosophic universe .
`` The best condition of it would be an open conflict and rivalry of the diverse systems .
The world might ring with the struggle , if we devoted ourselves exclusively to belaboring each other '' .
The `` belaboring '' is of course jocular , yet James was not lacking in fundamental seriousness -- unless we measure him by that ultimate seriousness of the great religious leader or thinker who stakes all on his vision of God .
To James this vision never quite came , despite his appreciation of it in others .
But there is a dignity and even a hint of the inspired prophet in his words to one correspondent : `` You ask what I am going to ' reply ' to Bradley .
But why need one reply to everything and everybody ? ?
I think that readers generally hate minute polemics and recriminations .
All polemic of ours should , I believe , be either very broad statements of contrast , or fine points treated singly , and as far as possible impersonally .
As far as the rising generation goes , why not simply express ourselves positively , and trust that the truer view quietly will displace the other .
Here again ' God will know his own ' '' .
The collected works of James Thurber , now numbering 25 volumes ( including the present exhibit ) represent a high standard of literary excellence , as every schoolboy knows .
The primitive-eclogue quality of his drawings , akin to that of graffiti scratched on a cave wall , is equally well known .
About all that remains to be said is that the present selection , most of which appeared first in The New Yorker , comprises ( as usual ) a slightly unstrung necklace , held together by little more than a slender thread cunningly inserted in the spine of the book .
The one unifying note , if any , is sounded in the initial article entitled : `` How To Get Through The Day '' .
It is repeated at intervals in some rather sadly desperate word-games for insomniacs , the hospitalized , and others forced to rely on inner resources , including ( in the P's alone ) `` palindromes '' , `` paraphrases '' , and `` parodies '' .
`` The Tyranny Of Trivia '' suggests arbitrary alphabetical associations to induce slumber .
And new vistas of hairshirt asceticism are opened by scholarly monographs entitled : `` Friends , Romans , Countrymen , Lend Me Your Ear-Muffs '' , `` Such a Phrase as Drifts Through Dream '' , and `` The New Vocabularianism '' .
Some of Thurber's curative methods involve strong potions of mixed metaphor , malapropism , and gobbledygook and are recommended for use only in extreme cases .
A burlesque paean entitled : `` Hark The Herald Tribune , Times , And All The Other Angels Sing '' brilliantly succeeds in exaggerating even motion-picture ballyhooey .
`` How The Kooks Crumble '' features an amusingly accurate take-off on sneaky announcers who attempt to homogenize radio-TV commercials , and `` The Watchers Of The Night '' is a veritable waking nightmare .
A semi-serious literary document entitled `` The Wings Of Henry James '' is noteworthy , if only for a keenly trenchant though little-known comment on the master's difficult later period by modest Owen Wister , author of `` The Virginian '' .
James , he remarks in a letter to a friend , `` is attempting the impossible namely , to produce upon the reader , as a painting produces upon the gazer , a number of superimposed , simultaneous impressions .
He would like to put several sentences on top of each other so that you could read them all at once , and get all at once , the various shadings and complexities '' .
Equally penetrating in its fashion is the following remark by a lady in the course of a literary conversation : `` So much has already been written about everything that you can't find out anything about it '' .
Or the mildly epigrammatic utterance ( also a quotation ) : `` Woman's place is in the wrong '' .
Who but Thurber can be counted on to glean such nectareous essences ? ?
A tribute to midsummer `` bang-sashes '' seems terribly funny , though it would be hard to explain why .
`` One of them banged the sash of the window nearest my bed around midnight in July and I leaped out of sleep and out of bed .
' It's just a bat ' , said my wife reassuringly , and I sighed with relief .
' Thank God for that ' , I said ; ;
' I thought it was a human being ' '' .
In a sense , perhaps , Thurber is indebted artistically to the surrealist painter ( was it Salvador Dali ? ?
) who first conceived the startling fancy of a picture window in the abdomen .
That is , it is literally a picture window : you don't see into the viscera ; ;
you see a picture -- trees , or flowers .
This is something like what Thurber's best effects are like , if I am not mistaken .
Though no longer able to turn out his protoplasmic pen-and-ink sketches ( several old favorites are scattered through the present volume ) Thurber has retained unimpaired his vision of humor as a thing of simple , unaffected humanness .
In his concluding paragraph he writes : `` The devoted writer of humor will continue to try to come as close to truth as he can '' .
For many readers Thurber comes closer than anyone else in sight .
The latest Low is a puzzler .
The master's hand has lost none of its craft .
He is at his usual best in exposing the shams and self-deceptions of political and diplomatic life in the fifties .
The reader meets a few old friends like Blimp and the TUC horse , and becomes better acquainted with new members of the cast of characters like the bomb itself , and civilization in her classic robe watching the nuclear arms race , her hair standing straight out .
But there is a difference between the present volume and the early Low .
There is fear in the fifties as his title suggests and as his competent drawings show .
But there was terror in the thirties when the Nazis were on the loose and in those days Low struck like lightning .
Anyone can draw his own conclusions from this difference .
It might be argued that the Communists are less inhuman than the Nazis and furnish the artist with drama in a lower key .
But this argument cannot be pushed very far because the Communist system makes up for any shortcomings of its leaders in respect to corrosion .
The Communists wield a power unknown to Hitler .
And the leading issue , that of piecemeal aggression , remains the same .
This is drama enough .
Do we ourselves offer Mr. Low less of a crusade ? ?
In the thirties we would not face our enemy ; ;
that was a nightmarish situation and Low was in his element .
Now we have stood up to the Communists ; ;
we are stronger and more self-confident -- and Low cannot so easily put us to rights .
Or does the reason for less Jovian drawings lie elsewhere ? ?
It might be that Low has seen too many stupidities and that they do not outrage him now .
He writes , `` Confucius held that in times of stress one should take short views -- only up to lunchtime '' .
Whatever the cause , his mood in the fifties rarely rises above the level of the capably sardonic .
Dulles ? ?
He does not seem to have caught the subtleties of the man .
McCarthy ? ?
The skies turn dark but the clouds do not loose their wrath .
Suez ? ?
Low seems to have supported Eden at first and then relented because things worked out differently , so there is no fire in his eye .
Stalin's death , Churchill's farewell to public life , Hillary and Tensing on Everest , Quemoy and Matsu -- all subjects for a noble anger or an accolade .
Instead the cartoons seem to deal with foibles .
Their Eisenhower is insubstantial .
Did Low decide to let well enough alone when he made his selections ? ?
He often drew the bomb .
He showed puny men attacked by splendidly tyrannical machines .
And Khrushchev turned out to be prime copy for the most witty caricaturist of them all .
But , but and but .
Look in this book for weak mortals and only on occasion for virtues and vices on the heroic scale .
Read the moderately brief text , not for captions , sometimes for tart epigrams , once in a while for an explosion in the middle of your fixed ideas .
A gray fox with a patch on one eye -- confidence man , city slicker , lebensraum specialist -- tries to take over Catfish Bend in this third relaxed allegory from Mr. Burman's refreshing Louisiana animal community .
The fox is all ingratiating smiles when he arrives from New Orleans , accompanied by one wharf rat .
But like all despots , as he builds his following from among the gullible , he grows more threatening toward those who won't follow -- such solid citizens as Doc Raccoon ; ;
Judge Black , the vegetarian black snake ; ;
and the eagle , who leads the bird community when he is not too busy in Washington posing for fifty-cent pieces .
As soon as the fox has taken hold on most of the populace he imports more wharf rats , who , of course , say they are the aggrieved victims of an extermination campaign in the city .
( The followers of bullies invariably are aggrieved about the very things they plan to do to others .
) They train the mink and other animals to fight .
And pretty soon gray fox is announcing that he won't have anyone around that's against him , and setting out to break his second territorial treaty with the birds .
Robert Hillyer , the poet , writes in his introduction to this brief animal fable that Mr. Burman ought to win a Nobel Prize for the Catfish Bend series .
He may have a point in urging that decadent themes be given fewer prizes .
But it's hard to imagine Mr. Burman as a Nobel laureate on the basis of these charming but not really momentous fables .
In substance they lie somewhere between the Southern dialect animal stories of Joel Chandler Harris ( Uncle Remus ) and the polished , witty fables of James Thurber .
George Kennan's account of relations between Russia and the West from the fall of Tsarism to the end of World War 2 , is the finest piece of diplomatic history that has appeared in many years .
It combines qualities that are seldom found in one work : Scrupulous scholarship , a fund of personal experience , a sense of drama and characterization and a broad grasp of the era's great historical issues .
In short , the book , based largely on lectures delivered at Harvard University , is both reliable and readable ; ;
the author possesses an uncommonly fine English style , and he is dealing with subjects of vast importance that are highly topical for our time .
If Mr. Kennan is sometimes a little somber in his appraisals , if his analysis of how Western diplomacy met the challenge of an era of great wars and social revolutions is often critical and pessimistic -- well , the record itself is not too encouraging .
Mr. Kennan takes careful account of every mitigating circumstance in recalling the historical atmosphere in which mistaken decisions were taken .
But he rejects , perhaps a little too sweepingly , the theory that disloyal and pro-Communist influences may have contributed to the policy of appeasing Stalin which persisted until after the end of the war and reached its high point at the Yalta Conference in February , 1945 .
After all , Alger Hiss , subsequently convicted of perjury in denying that he gave secret State Department documents to Soviet agents , was at Yalta .
And Harry Dexter White , implicated in F.B.I. reports in Communist associations , was one of the architects of the Morgenthau Plan , which had it ever been put into full operation , would have simply handed Germany to Stalin .
One item in this unhappy scheme was to have Germany policed exclusively by its continental neighbors , among whom only the Soviet Union possessed real military strength .
It is quite probable , however , that stupidity , inexperience and childish adherence to slogans like `` unconditional surrender '' had more to do with the unsatisfactory settlements at the end of the war than treason or sympathy with Communism .
Mr. Kennan sums up his judgment of what went wrong this way :
dashed hope
`` You see , first of all and in a sense as the source of all other ills , the unshakeable American commitment to the principle of unconditional surrender : The tendency to view any war in which we might be involved not as a means of achieving limited objectives in the way of changes in a given status quo , but as a struggle to the death between total virtue and total evil , with the result that the war had absolutely to be fought to the complete destruction of the enemy's power , no matter what disadvantages or complications this might involve for the more distant future '' .
Recognizing that there could have been no effective negotiated peace with Hitler , he points out the shocking failure to give support to the anti-Nazi underground , which very nearly eliminated Hitler in 1944 .
A veteran diplomat with an extraordinary knowledge of Russian language , history and literature , Kennan recalls how , at the time of Hitler's attack on the Soviet Union in 1941 , he penned a private note to a State Department official , expressing the hope that `` never would we associate ourselves with Russian purposes in the areas of eastern Europe beyond her own boundaries '' .
The hope was vain .
With justified bitterness the author speaks of `` what seems to me to have been an inexcusable body of ignorance about the nature of the Russian Communist movement , about the history of its diplomacy , about what had happened in the purges , and about what had been going on in Poland and the Baltic States '' .
He also speaks of Franklin D. Roosevelt's `` puerile '' assumption that `` if only he ( Stalin ) could be exposed to the persuasive charm of someone like F.D.R. himself , ideological preconceptions would melt and Russia's co-operation with the West could be easily arranged '' .
No wonder Khrushchev's first message to President Kennedy was a wistful desire for the return of the `` good old days '' of Roosevelt .
This fascinating story begins with a sketch , rich in personal detail , of the glancing mutual impact of World War 1 , and the two instalments of the Russian Revolution .
The first of these involved the replacement of the Tsar by a liberal Provisional Government in March , 1917 ; ;
the second , the seizure of power by the Bolsheviks ( who later called themselves Communists ) in November of the same year .
As Kennan shows , the judgment of the Allied governments about what was happening in Russia was warped by the obsession of defeating Germany .
They were blind to the evidence that nothing could keep the Russian people fighting .
They attributed everything that went wrong in Russia to German influence and intrigue .
This , more than any other factor , led to the fiasco of Allied intervention .
As the author very justly says :
`` Had a world war not been in progress , there would never , under any conceivable stretch of the imagination , have been an Allied intervention in North Russia '' .
The scope and significance of this intervention have been grossly exaggerated by Communist propaganda ; ;
here Kennan , operating with precise facts and figures , performs an excellent job of debunking .
Plebian dictators
Of many passages in the book that exemplify the author's vivid style , the characterizations of the two plebeian dictators whose crimes make those of crowned autocrats pale by comparison may be selected .
On Stalin :
`` This was a man of incredible criminality , of a criminality effectively without limits ; ;
a man apparently foreign to the very experience of love , without mercy or pity ; ;
a man in whose entourage none was ever safe ; ;
a man whose hand was set against all that could not be useful to him at the moment ; ;
a man who was most dangerous of all to those who were his closest collaborators in crime .
''
And here is Kennan's image of Hitler , Stalin's temporary collaborator in the subjugation and oppression of weaker peoples , and his later enemy :
`` Behind that Charlie Chaplin moustache and that truant lock of hair that always covered his forehead , behind the tirades and the sulky silences , the passionate orations and the occasional dull evasive stare , behind the prejudices , the cynicism , the total amorality of behavior , behind even the tendency to great strategic mistakes , there lay a statesman of no mean qualities : Shrewd , calculating , in many ways realistic , endowed -- like Stalin -- with considerable powers of dissimulation , capable of playing his cards very close to his chest when he so desired , yet bold and resolute in his decisions , and possessing one gift Stalin did not possess : The ability to rouse men to fever pitch of personal devotion and enthusiasm by the power of the spoken word '' .
Two criticisms of this generally admirable and fascinating book involve the treatment of wartime diplomacy which is jagged at the edges -- there is no mention of the Potsdam Conference or the Morgenthau Plan .
And in a concluding chapter about America's stance in the contemporary world , one senses certain misplacements of emphasis and a failure to come to grips with the baffling riddle of our time : How to deal with a wily and aggressive enemy without appeasement and without war .
But one should not ask for everything .
Mr. Kennan , who has recently abandoned authorship for a new round of diplomacy as the recently appointed American ambassador to Yugoslavia , is not the only man who finds it easier to portray the past than to prescribe for the future .
The story of a quarter of a century of Soviet-Western relations is vitally important , and it is told with the fire of a first-rate historical narrator .
The Ireland we usually hear about in the theater is a place of bitter political or domestic unrest , lightened occasionally with flashes of native wit and charm .
In `` Donnybrook '' , there is quite a different Eire , a rural land where singing , dancing , fist-fighting and romancing are the thing .
There is plenty of violence , to be sure , but it is a nice violence and no one gets killed .
By and large , Robert McEnroe's adaptation of Maurice Walsh's film , `` The Quiet Man '' , provides the entertainment it set out to , and we have a lively musical show if not a superlative one .
This is the tale of one John Enright , an American who has accidentally killed a man in the prize ring and is now trying to forget about it in a quiet place where he may become a quiet man .
But Innesfree , where Ellen Roe Danaher and her bullying brother , Will , live , is no place for a man who will not use his fists .
So Enright's courting of the mettlesome Ellen is impeded considerably , thereby providing the tale which is told .
You may be sure he marries her in the end and has a fine old knockdown fight with the brother , and that there are plenty of minor scraps along the way to ensure that you understand what the word Donnybrook means .
Then there is a matchmaker , one Mikeen Flynn , a role for which Eddie Foy was happily selected .
Now there is no reason in the world why a matchmaker in Ireland should happen also to be a talented soft-shoe dancer and gifted improviser of movements of the limbs , torso and neck , except that these talents add immensely to the enjoyment of the play .
Mr. Foy is a joy , having learned his dancing by practicing it until he is practically perfect .
His matchmaking is , naturally , incidental , and it only serves Flynn right when a determined widow takes him by the ear and leads him off to matrimony .
Art Lund , a fine big actor with a great head of blond hair and a good voice , impersonates Enright .
Although he is not graced with the subtleties of romantic technique , that's not what an ex-prize fighter is supposed to have , anyway .
Joan Fagan , a fiery redhead who can impress you that she has a temper whether she really has one or not , plays Ellen , and sings the role very well , too .
If the mettle which Ellen exhibits has a bit of theatrical dross in it , never mind ; ;
she fits into the general scheme well enough .
Susan Johnson , as the widow , spends the first half of the play running a bar and singing about the unlamented death of her late husband and the second half trying to acquire a new one .
She has a good , firm delivery of songs and adds to the solid virtues of the evening .
Then there are a pair of old biddies played by Grace Carney and Sibly Bowan who may be right off the shelf of stock Irish characters , but they put such a combination of good will and malevolence into their parts that they're quite entertaining .
And in the role of Will Danaher , Philip Bosco roars and sneers sufficiently to intimidate not only one American but the whole British army , if he chose .
`` Donnybrook '' is no `` Brigadoon '' , but it does have some very nice romantic background touches and some excellent dancing .
The ballads are sweet and sad , and the music generally competent .
It sometimes threatens to linger in the memory after the final curtain , and some of it , such as the catchy `` Sez I '' , does .
`` A Toast To The Bride '' , sung by Clarence Nordstrom , playing a character called Old Man Toomey , is quite simple , direct and touching .
The men of Innesfree are got up authentically in cloth caps and sweaters , and their dancing and singing is fine .
So is that of the limber company of lasses who whirl and glide and quickstep under Jack Cole's expert choreographic direction .
The male dancers sometimes wear kilts and their performance in them is spirited and stimulating .
Rouben Ter-Arutunian , in his stage settings , often uses the scrim curtain behind which Mr. Cole has placed couples or groups who sing and set the mood for the scenes which are to follow .
There is no reason why most theatergoers should not have a pretty good time at `` Donnybrook '' , unless they are permanently in the mood of Enright when he sings about how easily he could hate the lovable Irish .
We can all breathe more easily this morning -- more easily and joyously , too -- because Joshua Logan has turned the stage show , `` Fanny '' , into a delightful and heart-warming film .
The task of taking the raw material of Marcel Pagnol's original trio of French films about people of the waterfront in Marseilles and putting them again on the screen , after their passage through the Broadway musical idiom , was a delicate and perilous one , indeed .
More than the fans of Pagnol's old films and of their heroic star , the great Raimu , were looking askance at the project .
The fans of the musical were , too .
But now the task is completed and the uncertainty resolved with the opening of the English-dialogue picture at the Music Hall yesterday .
Whether fan of the Pagnol films or stage show , whether partial to music or not , you can't help but derive joy from this picture if you have a sense of humor and a heart .
Some of the New York Philharmonic musicians who live in the suburbs spent yesterday morning digging themselves free from snow .
A tiny handful never did make the concert .
But , after a fifteen-minute delay , the substantially complete Philharmonic assembled on stage for the afternoon's proceedings .
They faced a rather small audience , as quite a few subscribers apparently had decided to forego the pleasures of the afternoon .
It was an excellent concert .
Paul Paray , rounding out his current stint with the orchestra , is a solid musician , and the Philharmonic plays for him .
Their collaboration in the Beethoven Second Symphony was lucid , intelligent and natural sounding .
It was not a heavy , ponderous Beethoven .
The music sang nicely , sprinted evenly when necessary , was properly accented and balanced .
The Franck symphonic poem , `` Psyche '' , is a lush , sweet-sounding affair that was pleasant to encounter once again .
Fortunate for the music itself , it is not too frequent a visitor ; ;
if it were , its heavily chromatic harmonies would soon become cloying .
Mr. Paray resisted the temptation to over-emphasize the melodic elements of the score .
He did not let the strings , for instance , weep , whine or get hysterical .
His interpretation was a model of refinement and accuracy .
And in the Prokofieff C major Piano Concerto , with Zadel Skolovsky as soloist , he was an admirable partner .
Mr. Skolovsky's approach to the concerto was bold , sweeping and tonally percussive .
He swept through the music with ease , in a non-sentimental and ultra-efficient manner .
An impressive technician , Mr. Skolovsky has fine rhythm , to boot .
His tone is the weakest part of his equipment ; ;
it tends to be hard and colorless .
A school of thought has it that those attributes are exactly what this concerto needs .
It is , after all , a non-romantic work ( even with the big , juicy melody of the second movement ) ; ;
and the composer himself was called the `` age of steel pianist '' .
But granted all this , one still would have liked to have heard a little more tonal nuance than Mr. Skolovsky supplied .
Taken as a whole , though , it was a strong performance from both pianist and orchestra .
Mr. Skolovsky fully deserved the warm reception he received .
A new work on the program was Nikolai Lopatnikoff's `` Festival Overture '' , receiving its first New York hearing .
This was composed last year as a salute to the automobile industry .
It is not program music , though .
It runs a little more than ten minutes , is workmanlike , busy , methodical and featureless .
`` La Gioconda '' , like it or not , is a singer's opera .
And so , of course , it is a fan's opera as well .
Snow or no , the fans were present in force at the Metropolitan Opera last night for a performance of the Ponchielli work .
So the plot creaks , the sets are decaying , the costumes are pre-historic , the orchestra was sloppy and not very well connected with what the singers were doing .
After all , the opera has juicy music to sing and the goodies are well distributed , with no less than six leading parts .
One of those parts is that of evil , evil Barnaba , the spy .
His wicked deeds were carried on by Anselmo Colzani , who was taking the part for the first time with the company .
He has the temperament and the stage presence for a rousing villain and he sang with character and strong tone .
What was lacking was a real sense of phrase , the kind of legato singing that would have added a dimension of smoothness to what is , after all , a very oily character .
Regina Resnik as Laura and Cesare Siepi as Alvise also were new to the cast , but only with respect to this season ; ;
they have both sung these parts here before .
Laura is a good role for Miss Resnik , and she gave it force , dramatic color and passion .
Mr. Siepi was , as always , a consummate actor ; ;
with a few telling strokes he characterized Alvise magnificently .
Part of this characterization was , of course , accomplished with the vocal chords .
His singing was strong and musical ; ;
unfortunately his voice was out of focus and often spread in quality .
Eileen Farrell in the title role , Mignon Dunn as La Cieca and Richard Tucker as Enzo were holdovers from earlier performances this season , and all contributed to a vigorous performance .
If only they and Fausto Cleva in the pit had got together a bit more .
`` Melodious birds sing madrigals '' saith the poet and no better description of the madrigaling of the Deller Consort could be imagined .
Their Vanguard album Madrigal Masterpieces ( BG 609 ; ;
stereo BGS 5031 ) is a good sample of the special , elegant art of English madrigal singing .
It also makes a fine introduction to the international art form with good examples of Italian and English madrigals plus several French `` chansons '' .
The English have managed to hold onto their madrigal tradition better than anyone else .
The original impulses came to England late ( in the sixteenth century ) and continue strong long after everyone else had gone on to the baroque basso continuo , sonatas , operas and the like .
Even after Elizabethan traditions were weakened by the Cromwellian interregnum , the practice of singing together -- choruses , catches and glees -- always flourished .
The English never again developed a strong native music that could obliterate the traces of an earlier great age the way , say , the opera in Italy blotted out the Italian madrigal .
Early interest
Latter-day interest in Elizabethan singing dates well back into the nineteenth century in England , much ahead of similar revivals in other countries .
As a result no comparable literature of the period is better known and better studied nor more often performed than the English madrigal .
Naturally , Mr. Deller and the other singers in his troupe are most charming and elegant when they are squarely in their tradition and singing music by their countrymen : William Byrd , Thomas Morley and Thomas Tomkins .
There is an almost instrumental quality to their singing , with a tendency to lift out important lines and make them lead the musical texture .
Both techniques give the music purity and clarity .
Claude Jannequin's vocal description of a battle ( the French equivalents of tarantara , rum-tum-tum , and boom-boom-boom are very picturesque ) is lots of fun , and the singers get a sense of grace and shape into other chansons by Jannequin and Lassus .
Only with the more sensual , intense and baroque expressions of Marenzio , Monteverdi and Gesualdo does the singing seem a little superficial .
Nevertheless , the musicality , accuracy and infectious charm of these performances , excellently reproduced , make it an attractive look-see at the period .
The works are presented chronologically .
Texts and translations are provided .
Elegance and color
The elements of elegance and color in Jannequin are strong French characteristics .
Baroque instrumental music in Italy and Germany tends to be strong , lively , intense , controlled and quite abstract .
In France , it remained always more picturesque , more dancelike , more full of flavor .
Couperin and Rameau gave titles to nearly everything they wrote , not in the later sense of `` program music '' but as a kind of nonmusical reference for the close , clear musical forms filled with keen wit and precise utterance .
Both composers turn up on new imports from France .
BAM is the unlikely name of a French recording company whose full label is Editions De La boite A Musique .
They specialize in out-of-the-way items and old French music naturally occupies a good deal of their attention .
Sonates et Concerts Royaux of Couperin Le Grand occupy two disks ( LD056 and LD060 ) and reveal the impeccable taste and workmanship of this master -- delicate , flexible and gemlike .
The Concerts -- nos. 2 , 6 , 9 , 10 and 14 are represented -- are really closer to chamber suites than to concertos in the Italian sense .
The sonatas , `` La Francaise '' , `` La Sultane '' , `` L'Astree '' and `` L'Imperiale '' , are often more elaborately worked out and , in fact , show a strong Italian influence .
Couperin also turns up along with some lesser-known contemporaries on a disk called Musique Francaise Du 18e Siecle ( BAM LD 060 ) .
Jean-Marie LeClair still is remembered a bit , but Bodin De Beismortier , Corrette and Mondonville are hardly household words .
What is interesting about these chamber works here is how they all reveal the aspect of French music that was moving toward the rococo .
The Couperin `` La Steinkerque '' , with its battle music , brevity , wit and refined simplicity , already shakes off Corelli and points towards the mid-century elegances that ended the baroque era .
If Couperin shows the fashionable trend , the others do so all the more .
All these records have close , attractive sound and the performances by a variety of instrumentalists is characteristic .
Rameau's Six Concerts En Sextuor , recorded by L'orchestre De Chambre Pierre Menet ( BAM LD 046 ) , turn out to be harpsichord pieces arranged for strings apparently by the composer himself .
The strange , delightful little character pieces with their odd and sometimes inexplicable titles are still evocative and gracious .
Maitres Allemands Des 17e et 18e Siecles contains music by Pachelbel , Buxtehude , Rosenmueller and Telemann , well performed by the Ensemble Instrumental Sylvie Spycket ( BAM LD 035 ) .
Rococo music -- a lot of it -- was played in Carnegie Recital Hall on Saturday night in the first of four concerts being sponsored this season by a new organization known as Globe Concert Arts .
Works by J. C. Bach , Anton Craft , Joseph Haydn , Giuseppe Sammartini , Comenico Dragonetti and J. G. Janitsch were performed by seven instrumentalists including Anabel Brieff , flutist , Josef Marx , oboist , and Robert Conant , pianist and harpsichordist .
Since rococo music tends to be pretty and elegant above all , it can seem rather vacuous to twentieth-century ears that have grown accustomed to the stress and dissonances of composers from Beethoven to Boulez .
Thus there was really an excess of eighteenth-century charm as one of these light-weight pieces followed another on Saturday night .
Each might find a useful place in a varied musical program , but taken together they grew quite tiresome .
The performances were variable , those of the full ensemble being generally satisfying , some by soloists proving rather trying .
Ellie Mao , soprano , and Frederick Fuller , baritone , presented a program of folksongs entitled `` East Meets West '' in Carnegie Recital Hall last night .
They were accompanied by Anna Mi Lee , pianist .
Selections from fifteen countries were sung as solos and duets in a broad range of languages .
Songs from China and Japan were reserved exclusively for Miss Mao , who is a native of China , and those of the British Isles were sung by Mr. Fuller , who is English by birth .
This was not a program intended to illustrate authentic folk styles .
On the contrary , Miss Mao and Mr. Fuller chose many of their arrangements from the works of composers such as Mendelssohn , Dvorak , Canteloube , Copland and Britten .
There was , therefore , more musical substance in the concert than might have been the case otherwise .
The performances were assured , communicative and pleasingly informal .
What was omitted from `` A Neglected Education '' were those essentials known as `` the facts of life '' .
Chabrier's little one-act operetta , presented yesterday afternoon at Town Hall , is a fragile , precious little piece , very French , not without wit and charm .
The poor uneducated newlywed , a certain Gontran De Boismassif , has his problems in getting the necessary information .
The humor of the situation can be imagined .
It all takes place in the eighteenth century .
What a silly , artificial way of life , Chabrier and his librettists chuckle .
But they wish they could bring it back .
Chabrier's delightful music stands just at the point where the classical , rationalist tradition , ( handed down to Chabrier largely in the form of operetta and salon music ) becomes virtually neo-classicism .
The musical cleverness and spirit plus a strong sense of taste and measure save a wry little joke from becoming either bawdy or mawkish .
The simple , clever production was also able to tread the thin line between those extremes .
Arlene Saunders was charming as poor Gontran .
Yes , Arlene is her name ; ;
the work uses the old eighteenth-century tradition of giving the part of a young inexperienced youth to a soprano .
Benita Valente was delightful as the young wife and John Parella was amusing as the tutor who failed to do all his tutoring .
The work was presented as the final event in the Town Hall Festival of Music .
It was paired with a Darius Milhaud opera , `` The Poor Sailor '' , set to a libretto by Jean Cocteau , a kind of Grand Guignol by the sea , a sailor returns , unrecognized , and gets done in by his wife .
With the exception of a few spots , Milhaud's music mostly churns away with his usual collection of ditties , odd harmonies , and lumbering , satiric orchestration .
Had a funny experience at Newport yesterday afternoon .
Sat there and as a woman sang , she kept getting thinner and thinner , right before my eyes , and the eyes of some 5,500 other people .
I make this observation about the lady , Miss Judy Garland , because she brought up the subject herself in telling a story about a British female reporter who flattered her terribly in London recently and then wrote in the paper the next day :
`` Judy Garland has arrived in London .
She's not chubby .
She's not plump .
She's fat '' .
But who cares , when the lady sings ? ?
Certainly not the largest afternoon audience Newport has ever had at a jazz concert and the most attentive and quiet .
They applauded every number , not only at its conclusion but also at the first statement of the theme -- sometimes at the first chord .
And Judy sang the lovely old familiar things which seemed , at times , a blessed relief from the way-out compositions of the progressive jazzmen who have dominated these proceedings .
Things like `` When You're Smiling '' , `` Almost Like Being In Love '' , `` Do It Again '' , `` Born To Wander '' , `` Alone Together '' , `` Who Cares ? ?
'' , `` Puttin' On The Ritz '' , `` How Long Has This Been Going On ? ?
'' And her own personal songs like `` The Man That Got Away '' , and the inevitable `` Over The Rainbow '' .
Miss Garland is not only one of the great singers of our time but she is one of the superb showmen .
At the start of her program there were evidences of pique .
She had held to the letter of her contract and didn't come onto the stage until well after 4 p.m. , the appointed hour , although the Music at Newport people had tried to get the program underway at 3 .
Then there was a bad delay in getting Mort Lindsey's 30-piece orchestra wedged into its chairs .
Along about 4:30 , just when it was getting to be about time to turn the audience over and toast them on the other side , Judy came on singing , in a short-skirted blue dress with a blue and white jacket that flapped in the wind .
Her bouffant coiffure was fortunately combed on the left which happened to be the direction from which a brisk breeze was blowing .
In her first song she waved away one encroaching photographer who dared approach the throne unbidden and thereafter the boys with the cameras had to unsheathe their 300 mm. lenses and shoot at extreme range .
There also came a brief contretemps with the sound mixers who made the mistake of being overheard during a quiet moment near the conclusion of `` Do It Again '' , and she made the tart observation that `` I never saw so much moving about in an audience '' .
But it didn't take Judy Garland , showman , long to realize that this sort of thing was par for the course at Newport and that you have to learn to live with it .
Before her chore was finished she was rescuing wind-blown sheets of music , trundling microphones about the stage , helping to move the piano and otherwise joining in the informal atmosphere .
And time after time she really belted out her songs .
Sometimes they struck me as horribly over-arranged -- which was the way I felt about her `` Come Rain or Come Shine '' -- and sometimes they were just plain magnificent , like her shatteringly beautiful `` Beautiful Weather '' .
To her partisan audience , such picayune haggling would have seemed nothing more than a critic striving to hold his franchise ; ;
they just sat back on their haunches and cried for more , as though they could never get enough .
They were rewarded with splendid , exciting , singing .
Her `` Rockabye Your Baby '' was as good as it can be done , and her really personal songs , like `` The Man That Got Away '' were deeply moving .
The audience wouldn't let her leave until it had heard `` Over The Rainbow '' -- although the fellow that kept crying for `` Get Happy '' had to go home unhappy , about that item anyway .
She was generous with her encores and the audience was equally so with its cheers and applause and flowers .
All went home happy except the Newport police , who feared that the throng departing at 6:35 might meet head-on the night crowd drawing nigh , and those deprived of their happy hour at the cocktail bar .
In Newport last night there were flashes of distant lightning in the northern skies .
This was perhaps symbolic of the jazz of the evening -- flashes in the distance , but no storm .
Several times it came near breaking , and there were in fact some lovely peals of thunder from Jerry Mulligan's big band , which is about as fine an aggregation as has come along in the jazz business since John Hammond found Count Basie working in a Kansas City trap .
Mulligan's band has been infected with his solid sense of swing , and what it does seems far more meaningful than most of the noise generated by the big concert aggregations .
But what is equally impressive is the delicacy and wonderful lyric quality of both the band and Mulligan's baritone sax in a fragile ballad like Bob Brookmeyer's arrangement of `` Django's Castle '' .
For subtle swinging rhythms , I could admire intensely Mulligan's version of `` Weep '' , and the fireworks went on display in `` 18 Carrots For Robert '' , a sax tribute to Johnny Hodges .
There was considerable contrast between this Mulligan performance and that of Art Blakey and The Jazz Messengers , who are able to generate a tremendous sound for such a small group .
Unfortunately , Blakey doesn't choose to work much of the time in this vein .
He prefers to have his soloist performing and thus we get only brief glimpses of what his ensemble work is like .
What we did get , however , was impressive .
A few drops of rain just before midnight , when Sarah Vaughan was in the midst of her first number , scattered the more timid members of the audience briefly , but at this hour and with Sarah on the stand , most of the listeners didn't care whether they got wet .
Miss Vaughan was back in top form , somehow mellowed and improved with the passage of time -- like a fine wine .
After the spate of female vocalists we have been having , all of whom took Sarah as a point of departure and then tried to see what they could do that might make her seem old hat , it seemed that all that has happened is to make the real thing seem better than ever .
Jazz Three open program
The evening program was opened by the Jazz Three , a Newport group consisting of Steve Budieshein on bass , Jack Warner , drums , and Don Cook , piano .
This was a continuation of a good idea which was first tried out Saturday night when the Eddie Stack group , also local talent , went on first .
Putting on local musicians at this place in the program serves a triple purpose : it saves the top flight jazz men from being wasted in this unenviable spot , when the audience is cold , restless , and in flux ; ;
it prevents late-comers from missing some of the people they have come a long way to hear , and it gives the resident musicians a chance to perform before the famous Newport audience .
The Jazz Three displayed their sound musicianship , not only in their own chosen set , but as the emergency accompanists for Al Minns & Leon James , the superb jazz dancers who have now been Newport performers for three successive years , gradually moving up from a morning seminar on the evolution of the blues to a spot on the evening program .
Julie Wilson sings
Julie Wilson , a vigorous vocalist without many wild twists , sang a set , a large part of which consisted of such seldom heard old oldies as `` Hard-Hearted Hannah , The Vamp Of Savannah '' , and the delightful `` Sunday '' .
She frosted the cake with the always reliable `` Bill Bailey '' .
From this taste of the 1920s , we leaped way out to Stan Getz's private brand of progressive jazz , which did lovely , subtle things for `` Baubles , Bangles And Beads '' , and a couple of ballards .
Getz is a difficult musician to categorize .
He plays his sax principally for beauty of tone , rather than for scintillating flights of meaningless improvisations , and he has a quiet way of getting back and restating the melody after the improvising is over .
In this he is sticking with tradition , however far removed from it he may seem to be .
Shearing takes over
George Shearing took over with his well disciplined group , a sextet consisting of vibes , guitar , bass , drums , Shearing's piano and a bongo drummer .
He met with enthusiastic audience approval , especially when he swung from jazz to Latin American things like the Mambo .
Shearing , himself , seemed to me to be playing better piano than in his recent Newport appearances .
A very casual , pleasant program -- one of those easy-going things that make Newport's afternoon programs such a relaxing delight -- was held again under sunny skies , hot sun , and a fresh breeze for an audience of at least a couple of thousands who came to Newport to hear music rather than go to the beach .
Divided almost equally into two parts , it consisted of `` The Evolution Of The Blues '' , narrated by Jon Hendricks , who had presented it last year at the Monterey , Calif. , Jazz Festival , and an hour-long session of Maynard Ferguson and his orchestra , a blasting big band .
Hendricks' story was designed for children and he had a small audience of small children right on stage with him .
Tracing the blues from its African roots among the slaves who were brought to this country and the West Indies , he stressed the close relationship between the early jazz forms and the music of the Negro churches .
Surprise addition
To help him on this religious aspect of primitive jazz he had `` Big '' Miller , as a preacher-singer and Hannah Dean , Gospel-singer , while Oscar Brown Jr. , an extremely talented young man , did a slave auctioneer's call , a field-hands' work song , and a beautifully sung Negro lullaby , `` Brown Baby '' , which was one of the truly moving moments of the festival .
One of those delightful surprise additions , which so frequently occur in jazz programs , was an excellent stint at the drums by the great Joe Jones , drumming to `` Old Man River '' , which seems to have been elected the favorite solo for the boys on the batterie at this year's concerts .
Demonstrating the primitive African rhythmic backgrounds of the Blues was Michael Babatunde Olatunji , who plays such native drums as the konga and even does a resounding job slapping his own chest .
He has been on previous Newport programs and was one of the sensations of last year's afternoon concerts .
Hendricks had Billy Mitchell , tenor sax ; ;
Pony Poindexter , alto sax ; ;
Jimmy Witherspoon , Blues singer ( and a good one ) , and the Ike Isaacs Trio , which has done such wonderful work for two afternoons now , helping him with the musical examples .
It all went very well .
Pianists who are serious about their work are likely to know the interesting material contained in Schubert's Sonatas .
Music lovers who are not familiar with this literature may hear an excellent example , played for RCA by Emil Gilels .
He has chosen Sonata Op. 53 in Aj .
The playing takes both sides of the disc .
Perhaps one of the reasons these Sonatas are not programmed more often is their great length .
Rhythmic interest , melodic beauty and the expansiveness of the writing are all qualities which hold one's attention with the Gilels playing .
His technique is ample and his musical ideas are projected beautifully .
The male chorus of the Robert Shaw Chorale sings Sea Shanties in fine style .
The group is superbly trained .
What a discussion can ensue when the title of this type of song is in question .
Do you say chantey , as if the word were derived from the French word chanter , to sing , or do you say shanty and think of a roughly built cabin , which derives its name from the French-Canadian use of the word chantier , with one of its meanings given as a boat-yard ? ?
I say chantey .
Either way , the Robert Shaw chorus sings them in fine style with every colorful word and its musical frame spelled out in terms of agreeable listening .
If your favorite song is not here it must be an unfamiliar one .
The London label offers an operatic recital by Ettore Bastianini , a baritone whose fame is international .
Murray Louis and his dance company appeared at the Henry Street Playhouse on Friday and Saturday evenings and Sunday afternoons in the premiere of his latest work , `` Signal '' , and the repetition of an earlier one , `` Journal '' .
`` Signal '' is choreographed for three male dancers to an electronic score by Alwin Nikolais .
Its abstract decor is by John Hultberg .
Program note reads as follows :
`` Take hands ; ;
this urgent visage beckons us '' .
Here , as in `` Journal '' , Mr. Louis has given himself the lion's share of the dancing , and there is no doubt that he is capable of conceiving and executing a wide variety of difficult and arresting physical movements .
Indeed , both `` Journal '' and `` Signal '' qualify as instructive catalogues of modern-dance calisthenics .
But chains of movements are not necessarily communicative , and it is in the realm of communication that the works prove disappointing .
One frequently has the feeling that the order of their movement combinations could be transposed without notable loss of effect , there is too little suggestion of organic relationship and development .
It may be , of course , that Mr. Louis is consciously trying to create works that anticipate an age of total automation .
But it may be , also , that he is merely more mindful of athletics than of esthetics at the present time .
One thing is certain , however , and that is that he is far more slavish to the detailed accents , phrasings and contours of the music he deals with than a confident dance creator need be .
' an American journey '
A brisk , satirical spoof of contemporary American mores entitled `` An American Journey '' was given its first New York performance at Hunter College Playhouse last night by the Helen Tamiris-Daniel Nagrin Dance Company .
Choreographed by Mr. Nagrin , the work filled the second half of a program that also offered the first New York showing of Miss Tamiris' `` Once Upon A Time '' as well as her `` Women's Song '' and Mr. Nagrin's `` Indeterminate Figure '' .
Eugene Lester assembled a witty and explicit score for `` An American Journey '' , and Malcolm McCormick gave it sprightly imaginative costumes .
Mr. Nagrin has described four `` places '' , each with its scenery and people , added two `` diversions '' , and concluded with `` A Toccata for the Young '' , a refreshingly underplayed interpretation of rock'n'roll dancing .
The `` places '' could be anywhere , the idiosyncrasies and foibles observed there could be anybody's , and the laugh is on us all .
But we need not mind too much , because Mr. Nagrin has expressed it through movement that is diverting and clever almost all the way .
Miss Tamiris' `` Once Upon A Time '' is a problem piece about a man and a woman and the three `` figures '' that bother them somehow .
Unfortunately , the man and woman were not made to appear very interesting at the outset and the menacing figures failed to make them any more so .
Nor did the dancing involved really seize the attention at any time .
The music here , Russell Smith's `` Tetrameron '' , sounded good .
All the performances of the evening were smooth and assured , and the sizable company , with Mr. Nagrin and Marion Scott as its leading dancers , seemed to be fine shape .
The Symphony Of The Air , greatly assisted by Van Cliburn , last night got its seven-concert Beethoven cycle at Carnegie Hall off to a good start .
At the same time the orchestra announced that next season it would be giving twenty-five programs at Carnegie , and that it would be taking these concerts to the suburbs , repeating each of them in five different communities .
This news , announced by Jerome Toobin , the orchestra's administrative director , brought applause from the 2,800 persons who filled the hall .
They showed they were glad that Carnegie would have a major orchestra playing there so often next season to take up the slack with the departure to Lincoln Center of the New York Philharmonic , the Philadelphia Orchestra and the Boston Symphony .
This season the orchestra has already taken a step toward the suburbs in that it is giving six subscription concerts for the Orchestral Society of Westchester in the County Center in White Plains .
The details of the suburban concerts next season , and the centers in which they will be given , will be announced later , Mr. Toobin said .
The concertos that Van Cliburn has been associated with in New York since his triumphant return from Russia in 1958 have been the Tchaikovsky , the Rachmaninoff Third , and the Prokofieff Third .
It was pleasant last night , therefore , to hear him do something else : a concerto he has recently recorded , `` The Emperor '' .
The young Texas pianist can make great chords ring out as well as anyone , so last night the massive sonorities of this challenging concerto were no hazard to him .
But they were not what distinguished his performance .
The elements that did were the introspective slow movement , the beautiful transition to the third movement , and the passages of filigree that laced through the bigger moments of the opening movement and the final Rondo .
Mr. Cliburn gave the slow movement some of the quality of a Chopin Nocturne .
Alfred Wallenstein , the conductor , sensitive accompanist that he is , picked up the idea and led the orchestra here with a sense of brooding , poetic mystery .
The collaboration was remarkable , as it was in both the other movements , too .
Mr. Wallenstein , who will lead all of the concerts in the cycle , also conducted the `` Leonore '' Overture No. 3 and the Fourth Symphony .
The orchestra was obviously on its mettle and it played most responsively .
And although there was plenty of vigor in the performance , the ensemble was at its best when the playing was soft and lyrical , yet full of the suppressed tension that is one of the hallmarks of Beethoven .
Igor Oistrakh will be the next soloist on Feb. 4 .
There are times when one suspects that the songs that are dropped from musical shows before they reach Broadway may really be better than many of those that are left in .
Today , in the era of the integrated musical when an individual song must contribute to the over-all development of the show , it is understandable that a song , no matter how excellent it may be on its own terms , is cut out because it does not perform the function required of it .
In the more casually constructed musicals of the Nineteen Twenties and Nineteen Thirties there would seem to have been less reason for eliminating a song of merit .
Yet there is the classic case of the Gershwins' `` The Man I Love '' .
Deemed too static when it was first heard in `` Lady Be Good '' in Philadelphia in 1924 , it was dropped from the score .
It was heard again in Philadelphia in 1927 in the first version of `` Strike Up The Band '' and again abandoned shortly before the entire show was given up .
It finally reached Broadway in the second and successful version of `` Strike Up The Band '' in 1929 .
( Still another song in `` Strike Up The Band '' -- `` I've Got A Crush On You '' -- was retrieved from a 1928 failure , `` Treasure Girl '' .
)
second chance
Like the Gershwins , Richard Rodgers and Lorenz Hart were loath to let a good song get away from them .
If one of Mr. Rodgers' melodies seemed to deserve a better fate than interment in Boston or the obscurity of a Broadway failure , Mr. Hart was likely to deck it out with new lyrics to give it a second chance in another show .
Several of these double entries have been collected by Ben Bagley and Michael McWhinney , along with Rodgers and Hart songs that disappeared permanently en route to New York and others that reached Broadway but have not become part of the constantly heard Rodgers and Hart repertory , in a delightfully refreshing album , Rodgers And Hart Revisited ( Spruce Records , 505 Fifth Avenue , New York ) .
Among the particular gems in this collection is the impudent opening song of `` The Garrick Gaieties '' , an impressive forecast of the wit and melody that were to come from Rodgers and Hart in the years that followed ; ;
Dorothy Loudon's raucous listing of the attractions `` At The Roxy Music Hall '' from `` I Married An Angel '' ; ;
and the incisive style with which Charlotte Rae delivers the top-drawer Hart lyrics of `` I Blush '' , a song that was cut from `` A Connecticut Yankee '' .
Altogether fifteen virtually unknown Rodgers and Hart songs are sung by a quintet of able vocalists .
Norman Paris has provided them with extremely effective orchestral accompaniment
.
Turning to the current musical season on Broadway , the most widely acclaimed of the new arrivals , How To Succeed In Business Without Really Trying , has been transferred to an original cast album ( R. C. A. Victor LOC 1066 ; ;
stereo LSO 1066 ) that has some entertaining moments , although it is scarcely as inventive as the praise elicited by the show might lead one to expect .
Robert Morse , singing with comically plaintive earnestness , carries most of the burden and is responsible for the high spots in Frank Loesser's score .
Rudy Vallee , who shares star billing with Mr. Morse , makes only two appearances .
He shares with Mr. Morse a parody of the college anthems he once sang while his second song is whisked away from him by Virginia Martin , a girl with a remarkably expressive yip in her voice .
In general , Mr. Loesser has done a more consistent job as lyricist than he has as composer .
Like Mr. Loesser , Jerry Herman is both composer and lyriist for Milk And Honey ( R. C. A. Victor LOC 1065 ; ;
stereo LSO 1065 ) , but in this case it is the music that stands above the lyrics .
For this story of an American couple who meet and fall in love in Israel , Mr. Herman has written songs that are warmly melodious and dance music that sparkles .
Resourceful voices
There are the full-bodied , resourceful voices of Robert Weede , Mimi Benzell and Tommy Rall to make the most of Mr. Herman's lilting melodies and , for an occasional change of pace , the bright humor of Molly Picon .
Mr. Herman has managed to mix musical ideas drawn from Israel and the standard American ballad style in a manner that stresses the basic tunefulness of both idioms .
Not content to create only the music and lyrics , Noel Coward also wrote the book and directed Sail Away ( Capitol WAO 1643 ; ;
stereo SWAO 1643 ) , a saga of life on a cruise ship that is not apt to be included among Mr. Coward's more memorable works .
The melodies flow along pleasantly , as Mr. Coward's songs usually do , but his lyrics have a tired , cut-to-a-familiar-pattern quality .
Elaine Stritch , who sings with a persuasively warm huskiness , belts some life into most of her songs , but the other members of the cast sound as lukewarm as Mr. Coward's songs .
With three fine Russian films in recent months on World War 2 , -- `` The House I Live In '' , `` The Cranes Are Flying '' and `` Ballad Of A Soldier '' -- we had every right to expect a real Soviet block-buster in `` The Day The War Ended '' .
It simply isn't , not by a long shot .
The Artkino presentation , with English titles , opened on Saturday at the Cameo Theatre .
Make no mistake , this Gorky Studio drama is a respectable import -- aptly grave , carefully written , performed and directed .
In describing the initial Allied occupation of a middle-sized German city , the picture has color , pictorial pull and genuinely moving moments .
Told strictly from the viewpoint of the Russian conquerors , the film compassionately peers over the shoulders of a smitten Soviet couple , at both sides of the conflict's aftermath .
Unfortunately , the whole picture hinges on this romance , at the expense of everything else .
Tenderly and rather tediously , the camera rivets on the abrupt , deep love of a pretty nurse and a uniformed teacher , complicated by nothing more than a friend they don't want to hurt .
It's the old story , war or no war , and more than one viewer may recall Hollywood's `` Titanic '' , several seasons back , when the paramount concern was for the marital discord of a society dilettante .
Not that the picture is superficial .
Under Yakov Segal's direction , it begins stirringly , as crouching Soviet and Nazi troops silently scan each other , waiting for the first surrender gesture .
One high-up camera shot is magnificent , as the Germans straggle from a cathedral , dotting a huge , cobblestone square , and drop their weapons .
Ring Of Bright Water , by Gavin Maxwell .
211 pages .
Dutton .
A5 .
Only once in a very long while comes a book that gives the reader a magic sense of sharing a rare experience .
`` Ring Of Bright Water '' by Gavin Maxwell is just that -- a haunting , warmly personal chronicle of a man , an otter , and a remote cottage in the Scottish West Highlands .
`` He has married me with a ring of bright water '' , begins the Kathleen Raine poem from which Maxwell takes his title , and it is this mystic bond between the human and natural world that the author conveys .
The place is Camusfearna , the site of a long-vanished sea-village opposite the isle of Skye .
It is a land of long fjords , few people , a single-lane road miles away -- and of wild stags , Greylag geese , wild swans , dolphins and porpoises playing in the waters .
How Maxwell recounts his first coming to Camusfearna , his furnishing the empty house with beach-drift , the subtle changes in season over ten years , is a moving experience .
Just the evocations of time and place , of passionate encounter between man and a natural world which today seems almost lost , would be enough .
But it isn't .
There is Mijbil , an otter who travelled with Maxwell -- and gave Maxwell's name to a new species -- from the Tigris marshes to his London flat .
It may sound extravagant to say that there has never been a more engaging animal in all literature .
This is not only a compliment to Mijbil , of whom there are a fine series of photographs and drawings in the book , but to the author who has catalogued the saga of a frightened otter cub's journey by plane from Iraq to London , then by train ( where he lay curled in the wash basin playing with the water tap ) to Camusfearna , with affectionate detail .
Mij , as his owner was soon to learn , had strange , inexplicable habits .
He liked to nip ear lobes of unsuspecting visitors with his needle-sharp teeth .
He preferred sleeping in bed with his head on a pillow .
Systematically he would open and ransack drawers .
Given a small ball or marbles , he would invent games and play by himself for hours .
With curiosity and elan , he explored every inch of glen , beach and burn , once stranding himself for hours on a ledge high up a sheer seventy-foot cliff and waiting with calm faith to be rescued by Maxwell , who nearly lost his life in doing so .
A year and a day of this idyll is described for the reader , one in which not only discovery of a new world of personality is charted , but self-discovery as well .
In the solitude of Camusfearna there had been no loneliness .
`` To be quite alone where there are no other human beings is sharply exhilarating ; ;
it is as though some pressure had suddenly been lifted , allowing an intense awareness a sharpening of the senses '' .
Now , with the increasing interdependence between himself and Mij came a knowledge of an obscure need , that of being trusted implicitly by some creature .
Two other people in time shared Mijbil's love : `` it remained around us three that his orb revolved when he was not away in his own imponderable world of wave and water ; ;
we were his Trinity , and he behaved towards us with a mixture of trust and abuse , passion and irritation .
In turn each of us in our own way depended , as gods do , upon his worship '' .
Yet the idyll ended .
The brief details of Mijbil's death lend depth to the story , give it an edge of ironic tragedy .
Man , to whom Mij gave endless affection and fealty , was responsible in the form of a road worker with a pickaxe who somehow becomes an abstract symbol of the savage in man .
But then , through a strange coincidence , Maxwell manages to acquire Idal , a female otter , and the fascinating story starts once more .
One is not sure who emerges as the main personality of this book -- Mijbil , with his rollicking ways , or Maxwell himself , poet , portrait painter , writer , journalist , traveller and zoologist , sensitive but never sentimental recorder of an unusual way of life , in a language at once lyrical and forceful , vivid and unabashed .
This reviewer read the book when it was first brought out in England with a sense of discovery and excitement .
Now Gavin Maxwell's Ring Of Bright Water has widened to enchant the world .
New York
-- The performances of the Comedie Francaise are the most important recent events in the New York theater .
They serve to contradict a popular notion that the Comedie merely repeats , as accurately as possible , the techniques of acting the classics that prevailed in the 17th century .
On the contrary , the old plays are continually being reinterpreted , and each new production of a classic has only a brief history at the Comedie .
Of course , the well-received revivals last longer than the others , and that further reminds us that the Comedie is not insensitive to criticism .
The directors of the Comedie do not respond to adverse notices in as docile and subservient a manner as the Broadway producers who , in two instances this season , closed their plays after one performance .
But they are aware of the world outside , they court public approval , they delight in full houses , and they occasionally dare to experiment in interpreting a dramatic classic .
In France , novel approaches to the classic French plays are frequently attempted .
The government pays a subsidy for revival of the classics , and this policy attracts experimenters who sometimes put Moliere's characters in modern dress and often achieve interesting results .
So far as I know , the Comedie has never put Moliere's people in the costumes of the 20th century , but they do reinterpret plays and characters .
Last season , the Comedie's two principal experiments came to grief , and , in consequence , we can expect fairly soon to see still newer productions of Racine's `` Phedre '' and Moliere's `` School For Wives '' .
The new `` Phedre '' was done in 17th century setting , instead of ancient Greek ; ;
perhaps that is the Comedie's equivalent for thrusting this play's characters into our own time .
The speaking of the lines seemed excessively slow and stately , possibly in an effort to capture the spirit of 17th century elegance .
A few literary men defended what they took to be an emphasis on the poetry at the expense of the drama , but the response was mainly hostile and quite violent .
The new `` School For Wives '' was interpreted according to a principle that is becoming increasingly common in the playing of classic comedy -- the idea of turning some obviously ludicrous figure into a tragic character .
Among the Moliere specialists of some years ago , Louis Jouvet tried to humanize some of the clowns , while Fernand Ledoux , often performing at the Comedie , made them more gross than Moliere may have intended .
Apparently , Jouvet and Ledoux attempted just these dissimilar approaches in the role of Arnolphe in `` The School For Wives '' .
I say `` apparently '' although I saw Jouvet as Arnolphe when he visited this country shortly before his death ; ;
by that time , he seemed to have dropped the tragic playing of the last moments of the comedy .
Arnolphe , it will be recalled , is a man of mature years who tries to preserve the innocence of his youthful wife-to-be .
The part can lend itself to serious treatment ; ;
one influential French critic remarked : `` Pity for Arnolphe comes with age '' .
Accordingly , at the Comedie last year , Jean Meyer played a sympathetic Arnolphe and drew criticism for turning the comedy into a tragedy .
But the stuff of tragedy was not truly present and the play became only comedy acted rather slowly .
Wisely , the Comedie has brought Moliere's `` Tartuffe '' on its tour and has left `` The School For Wives '' at home .
Tartuffe is the religious hypocrite who courts his benefactor's wife .
Jouvet played him as a sincere zealot , and Ledoux , at the Comedie , made him a gross buffoon , or so the historians tell us .
Louis Seigner , who formerly played the deluded benefactor opposite Ledoux , is the Tartuffe of the present production , which he himself directed .
His Tartuffe observes the golden mean .
His red face , his coarse gestures , and his lustful stares bespeak his sensuality .
But his heavenward glances and his pious speeches are not merely perfunctory ; ;
of course , they do not reflect sincerity , but they exhibit a concern to make a good job out of his pious impersonation .
Occasionally , Seigner draws some justly deserved laughs by his quick shifts from one personality to another .
The whole role , by the way , is a considerable transformation for anyone who has seen Seigner in his other parts .
His normal specialty is playing the good-natured old man , frequently stupid or deluded but never mean or sly .
Here , he is , quite persuasively , the very embodiment of meanness and slyness .
Seigner is the dean of the company , the oldest actor in point of continuous service .
In that function , he helps to rebut another legend about the Comedie .
We are often told that the Comedie has , unfortunately , life-contracts with old actors who are both mediocre and lazy , drawing their pay without much acting but probably doing real service to the Comedie by staying off the stage .
Seigner , however , is a fine actor and probably the busiest man in the company ; ;
among his other parts are the leads in `` The Bourgeois Gentleman '' and `` The Imaginary Invalid '' .
In Moliere's farce , `` The Tricks Of Scapin '' , Robert Hirsch undertakes another of the great roles .
Here some innovation is attempted .
To begin with , Scapin is a trickster in the old tradition of the clever servant who plots the strategy of courtship for his master .
Hirsch's Scapin is healthy , cheerful , energetic , revelling in his physical agility and his obvious superiority to the young gentlemen whom he serves .
Hirsch says that he has given the role certain qualities he has observed in the city toughs of the real world .
And surely his Scapin has a fresh directness , a no-nonsense quality that seems to make him his own master and nobody's servant .
Django Reinhardt , the ill-fated gypsy , was a true artist , one who demonstrated conclusively the power of art to renew itself and flow into many channels .
There is hardly a jazz guitarist in the business today who doesn't owe something to Django .
And Django owed much to Louis Armstrong .
He told once of how he switched his style of playing to jazz after listening to two old Armstrong records he bought in the Flea Market in Paris .
It was the first jazz he had heard .
Django , who was born Jean Baptiste Reinhardt in Belgium and who died in 1953 in France , was an extraordinary man .
Most of the fingers on his left hand were burned off when he fell asleep with a cigarette .
And this was before he began to play his startlingly beautiful jazz .
You can catch up with him -- if you haven't already -- on RCA-Victor's album .
`` Djangology '' , made up of tracks he recorded with Stephane Grappelly and the Quintet of the Hot Club of France .
This is a choice item and Grappely deserves mention too , of course .
He is one of the few men in history who plays jazz on a violin .
They play : `` Minor Swing '' , `` Honeysuckle Rose '' , `` Beyond The Sea '' , `` Bricktop '' , `` Heavy Artillery '' , `` Djangology '' , `` After You've Gone '' , `` Where Are You , My Love '' ? ?
`` I Saw Stars '' , `` Lover Man '' , `` Menilmontant '' and `` Swing 42 '' .
All this is great proceedings -- get the minutes .
Kid Ory , the trombonist chicken farmer , is also one of the solid anchor points of jazz .
He dates back to the days before the first sailing ship pulled into New Orleans .
His horn has blown loud and clear across the land for more years than he cares to remember .
Good Time Jazz has released a nice two-record album which he made .
He is starred against Alvin Alcorn , trumpet ; ;
Phil Gomez , clarinet ; ;
Cedric Haywood , piano ; ;
Julian Davidson , guitar ; ;
Wellman Braud , bass , and Minor Hall , drums .
The set contains `` High Society '' , `` Do What Ory Say '' , `` Down Home Rag '' , `` Careless Love '' , Jazz Me Blues '' , `` Weary Blues '' , `` Original Dixieland One-Step '' , `` Bourbon Street Parade '' , `` Panama '' , `` Toot , Toot , Tootsie '' , `` Oh Didn't He Ramble '' , `` Beale Street Blues '' , `` Maryland , My Maryland '' , `` 1919 Rag '' , `` Eh , La Bas '' , `` Mood Indigo '' , and `` Bugle Call Rag '' .
All this will serve to show off the Ory style in fine fashion and is a must for those who want to collect elements of the old-time jazz before it is too late to lay hands on the gems .
Mischa Elman shared last night's Lewisohn Stadium concert with three American composers .
His portion of the program -- and a big portion it was -- consisted of half the major nineteenth-century concertos for the violin : to wit , the Mendelssohn and the Tchaikovsky .
That is an evening of music-making that would faze many a younger man ; ;
Mr. Elman is 70 years old .
There were 8,000 persons at the Stadium who can tell their grandchildren that they heard Elman .
But , with all due respects and allowances , it must truthfully be said that what they heard was more syrupy than sweet , more mannered than musical .
The occasion was sentimental ; ;
so was the playing .
The American part of the evening consisted of Paul Creston's Dance Overture , William Schuman's `` Chester '' From `` New England Triptych '' and two works of Wallingford Riegger , Dance Rhythms , Op. 58 , and a Romanza For Strings , Op. 56A .
The Creston is purely a potboiler , with Spanish , English , French and American dances mixed into the stew .
The Riegger , with its Latin hesitation bounce , is just this side of the pale ; ;
like his sweet , attractive Romanza , it belongs to what the composer called his `` Non-Dissonant ( Mostly ) '' category of works .
The Schuman `` Chester '' takes off from an old William Billings tune with rousing woodwind and brass effect .
All these -- potboilers or no -- provided a welcome breath of fresh air in the form of lively , colorful , unstuffy works well suited for the great out-of-doors .
It was nice to have something a little up-to-date for a change .
We have Alfredo Antonini to thank for this healthy change of diet as well as the lively performances of the Stadium Symphony .
A woman who undergoes artificial insemination against the wishes of her husband is the unlikely heroine of `` A Question Of Adultery '' , yesterday's new British import at the Apollo .
Since an objective viewer might well conclude that this is not a situation that would often arise , the film's extensive discussion of the problem seems , at best , superfluous .
In its present artless , low-budget form , the subject matter seems designed to invite censorial wrath .
With Julie London enacting the central role with husky-voiced sincerity , the longsuffering heroine is at least attractive .
The explanation offered for her conduct is a misguided attempt to save her marriage to a neurotic husband left sterile as a result of an automobile accident .
Anthony Steel , as the husband , is a jealous type who argues against her course and sues for divorce , labeling her action adulterous .
The actor plays his role glumly under the lurid direction of Don Chaffey , as do Basil Sydney as his unsympathetic father and Anton Diffring as an innocent bystander .
After a protracted , hysterical trial scene more notable for the frankness of its language than for dramatic credibility , the jury , to no one's surprise , leaves the legal question unresolved .
When the husband drops the case and returns to his wife , both seem sorry they brought the matter up in the first place .
So was the audience .
London , July 4
-- For its final change of bill in its London season , the Leningrad State Kirov Ballet chose tonight to give one of those choreographic miscellanies known as a `` gala program '' at the Royal Opera House , Covent Garden .
No doubt the underlying idea was to show that for all the elegance and artistry that have distinguished its presentations thus far , it too could give a circus if it pleased .
And please it did , in every sense of the word , for it had the audience shouting much of the time in a manner far from typical of London audiences .
At the end of the program , indeed , there was a demonstration that lasted for forty-five minutes , and nothing could stop it .
Alexandre Livshitz repeated a fantastic technical bit from the closing number , `` Taras Bulba '' , but even then there was a substantial number of diehards who seemed determined not to go home at all .
Only a plea from the house manager , John Collins , finally broke up the party .
But for all the manifest intention to `` show off '' , this was a circus with a difference , for instead of descending in quality to what is known as a popular level , it added further to the evidence that this is a very great dancing company .
The `` Taras Bulba '' excerpt is a rousing version of Gogol's Ukrainian folk-tale choreographed by Bo Fenster to music of Soloviev-Sedoi .
It is danced by some thirty-five men and no women , and it contains everything in the books -- lusty comedy , gregarious cavorting , and tricks that only madmen or Russians would attempt to make the human body perform .
Yuri Soloviev , Oleg Sokolov , Alexei Zhitkov , Lev Sokolov , Yuri Korneyev and Mr. Livshitz were the chief soloists , but everybody on stage was magnificent .
At the other extreme in character was the half-hour excerpt from the Petipa-Minkus ballet `` Bayaderka '' , which opened the evening .
What a man this Petipa was ! !
And why do we in the West know so few of his ballets ? ?
This scene is a `` white ballet '' in which a lovelorn hero searches for his departed love's spirit among twenty-eight extraordinarily beautiful `` shadows '' who can all dance like nothing human -- which , of course , is altogether fitting .
The ensemble enters in a long adagio passage that is of fantastic difficulty , as well as loveliness , and adagio is the general medium of the piece .
Its ballerina , Olga Moiseyeva , performs simple miracles of beauty , and Ludmilla Alexeyeva , Inna Korneyeva and Gabrielle Komleva make up a threesome of exquisite accomplishments .
Sergei Vikulov , as the lone male , meets the competition well with some brilliant hits , but the work is designed to belong to the ladies .
The middle section of the program was made up of short numbers , naturally enough of unequal merit , but all of them pretty good at that .
They consisted of a new arrangement of `` Nutcracker '' excerpts danced stunningly by Irina Kolpakova and Mr. Sokolev , with a large ensemble ; ;
a winning little `` Snow Maiden '' variation by the adorable Galina Kekisheva ; ;
two of those poetic adagios in Greek veils ( and superb esthetic acrobacy ) by Alla Osipenko and Igor Chernishev in one case and Inna Zubkovskaya and Yuri Kornevey in the other ; ;
an amusing character pas de cinq called `` Gossiping Women '' ; ;
a stirring `` Flames Of Paris '' pas de deux by Xenia Ter-Stepanova and Alexandre Pavlovsky , and a lovely version of Fokine's `` Le Cygne '' by Olga Moiseyeva , which had to be repeated .
Vadim Kalentiev was the conductor .
It was quite an evening ! !
A year ago today , when the Democrats were fretting and frolicking in Los Angeles and John F. Kennedy was still only an able and ambitious Senator who yearned for the power and responsibility of the Presidency , Theodore H. White had already compiled masses of notes about the Presidential campaign of 1960 .
As the pace of the quadrennial American political festival accelerated , Mr. White took more notes .
He traveled alternately with Mr. Kennedy and with Richard M. Nixon .
He asked intimate questions and got frank answers from the members of what he calls the candidates' `` in-groups '' .
He assembled quantities of facts about the nature of American politics in general , as well as about the day-to-day course of the closest Presidential election in American history .
Those of us who read the papers may think we know a good deal about that election ; ;
how little we know of what there is to be known is made humiliatingly clear by Mr. White in `` The Making Of The President 1960 '' .
This is a remarkable book and an astonishingly interesting one .
What might have been only warmed-over topical journalism turns out to be an eyewitness contribution to history .
Mr. White , who is only a competent novelist , is a brilliant reporter .
His zest for specific detail , his sensitivity to emotional atmosphere , his tireless industry and his crisply turned prose all contribute to the effectiveness of his book .
A lesson in politics
As a dramatic narrative `` The Making Of The President 1960 '' is continuously engrossing .
And as an introduction to American politics it is highly educational .
The author begins this volume with a close-up of Mr. Kennedy , his family and his entourage waiting for the returns .
He then switches back to a consideration of the seven principal Presidential hopefuls : five Democrats -- Senator Hubert H. Humphrey , Senator Stuart Symington , Senator Lyndon B. Johnson , Adlai E. Stevenson and Mr. Kennedy -- and two Republicans -- Governor Rockefeller and Mr. Nixon .
Then , in chronological order , Mr. White covers the primary campaigns , the conventions and the Presidential campaign itself .
In the process he writes at length about many related matters : the importance of race , religion , local tradition , bosses , organizations , zealous volunteers and television .
Mr. White is bluntly frank in his personal opinions .
He frequently cites intimate details that seem to come straight from the horse's mouth , from numerous insiders and from Mr. Kennedy himself ; ;
but never from Mr. Nixon , who looked on reporters with suspicion and distrust .
`` Rarely in American history has there been a political campaign that discussed issues less or clarified them less '' , says Mr. White .
Mr. Nixon , he believes , has no particular political philosophy and mismanaged his own campaign .
Although a skillful politician and a courageous and honest man , Mr. Nixon , Mr. White believes , ignored his own top-level planners , wasted time and effort in the wrong regions , missed opportunities through indecision and damaged his chances on television .
Mr. Nixon is `` a broody , moody man , given to long stretches of introspection ; ;
he trusts only himself and his wife .
He is a man of major talent -- but a man of solitary , uncertain impulses .
He was above all a friend seeker , almost pathetic in his eagerness to be liked .
He wanted to identify with people and have a connection with them ; ;
the least inspiring candidate since Alfred M. Landon '' .
Mr. Kennedy , Mr. White believes , `` had mastered politics on so many different levels that no other American could match him '' .
Calm , dignified , composed , `` superbly eloquent '' , Mr. Kennedy always knew everything about everybody .
He enlisted a staff of loyal experts and of many zealous volunteers .
Every decision was made quickly on sound grounds .
Efficiency was enforced and nothing was left to chance .
Mr. Kennedy did not neglect to cultivate the personal friendship of reporters .
Mr. White admires him profoundly and leaves no doubt that he is a Democrat himself who expects Mr. Kennedy to be a fine President .
Pressures portrayed
Throughout `` The Making Of A President '' Mr. White shows wonderfully well how the pressures pile up on candidates , how decisions have constantly to be made , how fatigue and illness and nervous strain wear candidates down , how subordinates play key roles .
And he makes many interesting comments .
Here are several :
`` The root question in American politics is always : Who's the Man to See ? ?
To understand American politics is , simply , to know people , to know the relative weight of names -- who are heroes , who are straw men , who controls , who does not .
But to operate in American politics one must go a step further -- one must build a bridge to such names , establish a warmth , a personal connection '' .
`` In the hard life of politics it is well known that no platform nor any program advanced by either major American party has any purpose beyond expressing emotion '' .
`` All platforms are meaningless : the program of either party is what lies in the vision and conscience of the candidate the party chooses to lead it '' .
Nostalgia week at Lewisohn Stadium , which had begun with the appearance of the 70-year-old Mischa Elman on Tuesday night , continued last night as Lily Pons led the list of celebrities in an evening of French operatic excerpts .
Miss Pons is certainly not 70 -- no singer ever is -- and yet the rewards of the evening again lay more in paying tribute to a great figure of times gone by than in present accomplishments .
The better part of gallantry might be , perhaps , to honor her perennial good looks and her gorgeous rainbow-hued gown , and to chide the orchestra for not playing in the same keys in which she had chosen to sing .
No orchestra , however , could be expected to follow a singer through quite as many adventures with pitch as Miss Pons encountered last night .
In all fairness , there were flashes of the great stylist of yesteryear , flashes even of the old consummate vocalism .
One such moment came in the breathtaking way Miss Pons sang the cadenza to Meyerbeer's `` Shadow Song '' .
The years suddenly fell away at this point .
On the whole , however , one must wonder at just what it is that forces a beloved artist to besmirch her own reputation as time marches inexorably on .
Sharing the program was the young French-Canadian tenor Richard Verreau , making his stadium debut on this occasion .
Mr. Verreau began shakily , with a voice that tended toward an unpleasant whiteness when pushed beyond middle volume .
Later on this problem vanished , and the `` Flower Song '' from Bizet's `` Carmen '' was beautifully and intelligently projected .
Radio is easily outdistancing television in its strides to reach the minority listener .
Lower costs and a larger number of stations are the key factors making such specialization possible .
The mushrooming of FM outlets , offering concerts ( both jazz and classical ) , lectures , and other special events , is a phenomenon which has had a fair amount of publicity .
Not so well known is the growth of broadcasting operations aimed wholly or partly at Negro listeners -- an audience which , in the United States , comprises some 19,000,000 people with $20,000,000,000 to spend each year .
Of course , the nonwhite listener does his share of television watching .
He even buys a lot of the products he sees advertised -- despite the fact that the copy makes no special bid for his favor and sponsors rarely use any but white models in commercials .
But the growing number of Negro-appeal radio stations , plus evidence of strong listener support of their advertisers , give time salesmen an impressive argument as they approach new prospects .
It is estimated that more than 600 stations ( of a total of 3,400 ) do a significant amount of programing for the Negro .
At least 60 stations devote all of their time to reaching this audience in about half of the 50 states .
These and other figures and comments have been reported in a special supplement of Sponsor magazine , a trade publication for radio and TV advertisers .
For 10 years Sponsor has issued an annual survey of the size and characteristics of the Negro market and of successful techniques for reaching this market through radio .
In the past 10 years , Sponsor observes , these trends have become apparent :
Negro population in the U.S. has increased 25 per cent while the white population was growing by 18 per cent .
`` The forgotten 15 million '' -- as Sponsor tagged the Negro market in its first survey -- has become a better-remembered 19 million .
Advertisers are changing their attitudes , both as to the significance of this market and the ways of speaking to it .
Stations programing to Negro listeners are having to upgrade their shows in order to keep pace with rising educational , economic , and cultural levels .
Futhermore , the station which wants real prestige must lead or participate in community improvement projects , not simply serve on the air .
In the last decade the number of Negro-appeal radio program hours has risen at least 15 per cent , and the number of Negro-appeal stations has increased 30 per cent , according to a research man quoted by Sponsor .
A year ago the Negro Radio Association was formed to spur research which the 30-odd member stations are sure will bring in more business .
The 1960 census underscored the explosive character of the population growth .
It also brought home proof of something a casual observer might have missed : that more than half of the U.S. Negroes live outside the southeastern states .
Also , the state with the largest number of Negroes is New York -- not in the South at all .
In New York City , WLIB boasts `` more community service programs than any other Negro station '' and `` one of the largest Negro news staffs in America '' .
And WWRL's colorful mobile unit , cruising predominately Negro neighborhoods , is a frequent reminder of that station's round-the-clock dedication to nonwhite interests .
Recently , WWRL won praise for its expose of particular cases of employment agency deceit .
A half-dozen other stations in the New York area also bid for attention of the city's Negro population , up about 50 per cent in the past decade .
In all big cities outside the South , and even in small towns within the South , radio stations can be found beaming some or all of their programs at Negro listeners .
The Keystone Broadcasting System's Negro network includes 360 affiliated stations , whose signals reach more than half the total U.S. Negro population .
One question which inevitably crops up is whether such stations have a future in a nation where the Negro is moving into a fully integrated status .
Whatever the long-range impact of integration , the owners of Negro-appeal radio stations these days know they have an audience and that it is loyal .
Advertisers have discovered the tendency of Negroes to shop for brand names they have heard on stations catering to their special interests .
And many advertisers have been happy with the results of letting a Negro disc jockey phrase the commercial in his own words , working only from a fact sheet .
What sets Negro-appeal programing apart from other radio shows ? ?
Sponsor magazine notes the stress on popular Negro bands and singers ; ;
rhythm-and-blues mood music ; ;
`` race '' music , folk songs and melodies , and gospel programs .
Furthermore , news and special presentations inform the listener about groups , projects , and personalities rarely mentioned on a general-appeal station .
Advertising copy frequently takes into account matters of special Negro concern .
Sponsor quotes John McLendon of the McLendon-Ebony station group as saying that the Southern Negro is becoming conscious of quality and `` does not wish to be associated with radio which is any way degrading to his race ; ;
he tends to shy away from the hooting and hollering personalities that originally made Negro radio programs famous '' .
The sociological impact is perhaps most eloquently summed up in this quotation of J. Walter Carroll of KSAN , San Francisco :
`` Negro-appeal radio is more important to the Negro today , because it provides a direct and powerful mirror in which the Negro can hear and see his ambitions , achievements and desires .
It will continue to be important as a means of orientation to the Negro , seeking to become urbanized , as he tries to make adjustment to the urban life .
Negro radio is vitally necessary during the process of assimilation '' .
Presentation of `` The Life And Times Of John Sloan '' in the Delaware Art Center here suggests a current nostalgia for human values in art .
Staged by way of announcing the gift of a large and intimate Sloan collection by the artist's widow , Helen Farr Sloan , to the Wilmington Society of the Fine Arts , the exhibition presents a survey of Sloan's work .
From early family portraits , painted before he entered the schools of the Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts , the chronology extends to a group of paintings executed in his last year ( 1951 ) and still part of his estate .
Few artists have left a life work so eloquent of the period in which they lived .
Few who have painted the scenes around them have done so with so little bitterness .
The paintings , drawings , prints , and illustrations all reflect the manners , costumes , and mores of America in the first half of the present century .
Obviously Sloan's early years were influenced by his close friend Robert Henri .
As early as 1928 , however , the Sloan style began to change .
The dark pigments of the early work were superseded by a brighter palette .
The solidity of brush stroke yielded to a hatching technique that finally led to virtual abandonment of American genres in favor of single figure studies and studio nudes .
The exhibition presents all phases of Sloan's many-sided art .
In addition to the paintings are drawings , prints , and illustrations .
Sloan created such works for newspaper supplements before syndication threw him out of a job and sent him to roam the streets of New York , thereby building for America an incomparable city survey from paintings of McSorley's Saloon to breezy clotheslines on city roofs .
One of the most appealing of the rooftop canvases is `` Sun And Wind On The Roof '' , with a woman and child bracing themselves against flapping clothes and flying birds .
Although there are landscapes in the show ( one of the strongest is a vista of `` Gloucester Harbor '' in 1915 ) , the human element was the compelling factor in Sloan's art .
Significant are such canvases as `` Bleeker Street , Saturday Night '' , with its typically American crowd ( Sloan never went abroad ) ; ;
the multifigure `` Traveling Carnival '' , in which action is vivified by lighting ; ;
or `` Carmine Theater , 1912 '' , the only canvas with an ash can ( and foraging dog ) , although Sloan was a member of the famous `` Eight '' , and of the so-called `` Ash-Can School '' , a term he resented .
Not all the paintings , however , are of cities .
The exhibition touches briefly on his sojourn in the Southwest ( `` Koshare in the Dust '' , a vigorous Indian dance , and landscapes suggest the influence of western color on his palette ) .
The fact that Sloan was an extrovert , concerned primarily with what he saw , adds greatly to the value of his art as a human chronicle .
There are 151 items in the Wilmington show , including one painting by each member of the `` Eight '' , as well as work by Sloan's friends and students .
Supplementing the actual art are memorabilia -- correspondence , diaries , books from the artist's library , etc. .
All belong to the collection being given to Wilmington over a period of years by Mrs. Sloan , who has cherished such revelatory items ever since she first studied with Sloan at the Art Students League , New York , in the 1920's .
To enable students and the public to spot Sloan forgeries , the Delaware Art Center ( according to its director , Bruce St. John ) will maintain a complete file of photographs of all Sloan works , as well as a card index file .
The entire Sloan collection will be made available at the center to all serious art students and historians .
The current exhibition , which remains on view through Oct. 29 , has tapped 14 major collections and many private sources .
Any musician playing Beethoven here , where Beethoven was born , is likely to examine his own interpretations with special care .
In a sense , he is offering Bonn what its famous son ( who left as a youth ) never did -- the sound of the composer's mature style .
Robert Riefling , who gave the only piano recital of the recently concluded 23rd Beethoven Festival , penetrated deep into the spirit of the style .
His readings were careful without being fussy , and they were authoritative without being presumptuous .
The 32 C Minor Variations with which he opened moved fluently yet logically from one to another , leaving the right impression of abundance under discipline .
The D Minor Sonata , Op. 31 No. 2 , introduced by dynamically shaped arpeggios , was most engaging in its moments of quasi-recitative -- single lines in which the fingers seemed to be feeling their way toward the idea to come .
These inwardly dramatic moments showed the kind of `` opera style '' of which Beethoven was genuinely capable , but which did not take so kindly to the mechanics of staging .
Two late Sonatas , Op. 110 and 111 , were played with similar insight , the disarming simplicities of the Op. 111 Adagio made plain without ever becoming obvious .
The two were separated from each other by the Six Bagatelles of Op. 126 .
Herr Riefling , in everything he gave his large Beethoven Hall audience , proved himself as an interpreter of unobtrusive authority .
Volker Wangenheim , who conducted Bonn's Stadtisches Orchester on the following evening , made one more conscious of the process of interpretation .
Herr Wangenheim has only recently become the city's music director , and is a young man with a clear flair for the podium .
But he weighted the Eighth Symphony , at times , with a shuddering subjectivity which seemed considerably at odds with the music .
He might have been hoping , to all appearances , that this relatively sunny symphony , in conjunction with the Choral Fantasy at the end of the program , could amount to something like the Ninth ; ;
but no amount of head-tossing could make it so .
The conductor's preoccupation with the business of starting and stopping caused occasional raggedness , as with the first orchestra entrance in the Fourth Piano Concerto , but when he put his deliberations and obsequies aside and let the music move as designed , it did so with plenty of spring .
The concerto's soloist , Hans Richter-Haaser , played with compensatory ease and economy , though without the consummate plasticity to which we had been treated on the previous evening by Herr Riefling .
His was a burgomaster's Beethoven , solid and sensible .
Everybody returned after intermission for the miscellaneous sweepings of the Fantasy For Piano , Chorus , And Orchestra In C Minor , made up by its composer to fill out one of his programs .
The entrance of the Stadtisches Gesangverein ( Bonn's civic chorus ) was worth all the waiting , however , as the young Rhenish voices finally brought the music to life .
The last program of this festival , which during two weeks had sampled most compositional categories , brought the Cologne Rundfunk-Sinfonie-Orchester and Rundfunkchor to Bonn's gold-filled hall for a performance of the Missa Solemnis .
A tribe in ancient India believed the earth was a huge tea tray resting on the backs of three giant elephants , which in turn stood on the shell of a great tortoise .
This theory eventually proved inexact .
But the primitive method of explaining the unknown with what is known bears at least a symbolic resemblance to the methods of modern science .
It is the business of cosmologists , the scientists who study the nature and structure of the universe , to try to solve the great cosmic mysteries by using keys that have clicked open other doors .
These keys are the working principles of physics , mathematics and astronomy , principles which are then extrapolated , or projected , to explain phenomena of which we have little or no direct knowledge .
In the autumn of 1959 , the British Broadcasting Corporation presented a series of talks by four scientists competent in cosmology .
Three of these men discussed major theories of the universe while the other acted as a moderator .
The participants were Professor H. Bondi , professor of mathematics at King's College , London ; ;
Dr. W. B. Bonnor , reader in mathematics at Queen Elizabeth College , London ; ;
Dr. R. A. Lyttleton , a lecturer at St. John's College , Cambridge , and a reader in theoretical astronomy at the University of Cambridge ; ;
and Dr. G. J. Whitrow , reader in applied mathematics at the Imperial College of Science and Technology , London .
Dr. Whitrow functioned as moderator .
The programs were so well received by the British public that the arguments have been published in a totally engrossing little book called , `` Rival Theories Of Cosmology '' .
Dr. Bonnor begins with a discussion of the relativistic theories of the universe , based on the general theory of relativity .
First of all , and this has been calculated by observation , the universe is expanding -- that is , the galaxies are receding from each other at immense speeds .
Because of this Dr. Bonnor holds that the universe is becoming more thinly populated by stars and whatever else is there .
This expansion has been going on for an estimated eight billion years .
Expands and contracts
Dr. Bonnor supports the idea that the universe both expands and contracts , that in several billion years the expansion will slow up and reverse itself and that the contraction will set in .
Then , after many more billions of years , when all the galaxies are whistling toward a common center , this movement will slow down and reverse itself again .
Professor Bondi disagrees with the expansion-contraction theory .
He supports the steady-state theory which holds that matter is continually being created in space .
For this reason , he says , the density of the universe always remains the same even though the galaxies are zooming away in all directions .
New galaxies are forever being formed to fill in the gaps left by the receding galaxies .
If this is true , then the universe today looks just as it did millions of years ago and as it will look millions of years hence , even though the universe is expanding .
For new galaxies to be created , Professor Bondi declares , it would only be necessary for a single hydrogen atom to be created in an area the size of your living room once every few million years .
He contends this idea doesn't conflict with experiments on which the principle of conservation of matter and energy is based because some slight error must be assumed in such experiments .
Dr. Lyttleton backs the theory that we live in an electric universe and this theory starts with the behavior of protons and electrons .
Protons and electrons bear opposite electrical charges which make them attract each other , and when they are joined they make up an atom of hydrogen -- the basic building block of matter .
The charges of the electron and proton are believed to be exactly equal and opposite , but Dr. Lyttleton is not so sure .
Suppose , says Dr. Lyttleton , the proton has a slightly greater charge than the electron ( so slight it is presently immeasurable ) .
This would give the hydrogen atom a slight charge-excess .
Now if one hydrogen atom were placed at the surface of a large sphere of hydrogen atoms , it would be subject both to the gravitation of the sphere and the charge-excess of all those atoms in the sphere .
Because electrical forces ( the charge-excess ) are far more powerful than gravitation , the surface hydrogen atoms would shoot away from the sphere .
Dr. Lyttleton then imagines the universe as a large hydrogen sphere with surface atoms shooting away from it .
This , he claims , would reasonably account for the expansion of the universe .
Fleeting glimpse
This slim book , while giving the reader only a fleeting glimpse of the scientific mind confronting the universe , has the appeal that informed conversation always has .
Several photographs and charts of galaxies help the non-scientist keep up with the discussion , and the smooth language indicates the contributors were determined to avoid the jargon that seems to work its way into almost every field .
It is clear from this discussion that cosmologists of every persuasion look hopefully toward the day when a man-made satellite can be equipped with optical devices which will open up new vistas to science .
Presently , the intense absorption of ultra-violet rays in the earth's atmosphere seriously hinders ground observation .
These scientists are convinced that a telescope unclouded by the earth's gases will go a long way toward bolstering or destroying cosmic theories .
There would seem to be some small solace in the prospect that the missile race between nations is at the same time accelerating the study of the space around us , giving us a long-sought ladder from which to peer at alien regions .
In doing away with the tea tray , the elephants and the giant tortoise , science has developed a series of rationally defensible explanations of the cosmos .
And although the universe may forever defy understanding , it might even now be finding its match in the imagination of man .
`` Roots '' , the new play at the brand-new Mayfair Theater on 46th St. which has been made over from a night club , is about the intellectual and spiritual awakening of an English farm girl .
Highly successful in England before its transfer to New York , most of `` Roots '' is as relentlessly dour as the trappings of the small new theater are gaudy .
Only in its final scene , where Beatie Bryant ( Mary Doyle ) shakes off the disappointment of being jilted by her intellectual lover and proclaims her emancipation do we get much which makes worthwhile the series of boorish rustic happenings we have had to watch for most of the first two and one-half acts .
The burden of Mr. Wesker's message is that people living close to the soil ( at least in England ) are not the happy , fine , strong , natural , earthy people city-bred intellectuals imagine .
Rather they are genuine clods , proud of their cloddishness and openly antagonistic to the illuminating influences of aesthetics or thought .
They care no more for politics , says Mr. Wesker , than they do for a symphony .
Seeming to have roots in the soil , they actually have none in life .
They dwell , in short , in the doltish twilight in which peasants and serfs of the past are commonly reported to have lived .
But this is a theme which does not take so much time to state as Mr. Wesker dedicates to it .
So much untidiness of mind and household does not attract the interest of the theatergoer ( unless he has been living in a gilded palace , perhaps , and wants a real big heap of contrast ) .
The messy meals , the washing of dishes , the drying of clothes may be realism , but there is such a thing as redundancy .
Now for the good points .
Miss Doyle as Beatie has a great fund of animal spirits , a strong voice and a warm smile .
She is just home from a sojourn in London where she has become the sweetheart of a young fellow named Ronnie ( we never do see him ) and has been subjected to a first course in thinking and appreciating , including a dose of good British socialism .
But while she is able to tell her retarded family about the new world she has seen open before her , Ronnie has not been able to observe her progress , and instead of appearing at a family party to be looked over like a new bull , he sends Beatie a letter of dismissal .
Beatie , getting no sympathy for her misfortune , soon rallies and finds that although she has lost a lover she has gained her freedom .
Despite a too long sustained declamatory flight , this final speech is convincing , and we see why British audiences apparently were impressed by `` Roots '' .
There were several fairly good minor portraits in the play , including William Hansen's impersonation of a stubborn , rather pathetic father , and Katherine Squire's vigorous characterization of a farm mother who brooked no hifalutin' nonsense from her daughter , or anyone else .
But I am afraid Mr. Wesker's meat and potatoes dish isn't well seasoned enough for local audiences .
Shakespeare had a word for everything , even for the rain that disrupted Wednesday night's `` Much Ado About Nothing '' opening the season of free theatre in Central Park .
The New York Shakespeare Festival , which is using the Wollman Memorial Skating Rink while its theatre near the Belvedere is being completed , began bravely .
Joseph Papp , impassioned founder of the festival and director of `` Much Ado '' , had a vibrant , colorful production under way .
Using a wide stage resourcefully he mingled music and dance with Shakespeare's words in a spirited mixture .
The audience filled all the seats inside the Wollman enclosure and overflowed onto the lawns outside the fence .
The barbed sallies of Beatrice and Benedick , so contemporary to a public inured to the humor of insult , raised chuckles .
The simple-minded comedy of Dogberry and Verges , also familiar in a day that responds easily to jokes skimmed off the top of writers' heads , evoked laughter .
The vivacity of the masquers' party at Leonato's palace , with the Spanish motif in the music and dancing in honor of the visiting Prince of Arragon , cast a spell of delight .
As `` Much Ado '' turned serious while the insipid Claudio rejected Hero at the altar , a sprinkle began to fall .
At first hardly a person in the audience moved , although some umbrellas were opened .
But the rain came more heavily , and men and women in light summer clothes began to depart .
The grieving Hero and her father , Leonato , followed by the Friar , left the stage .
A voice on the loudspeaker system announced that if the rain let up the performance would resume in ten minutes .
More than half the audience departed .
Some remained in the Wollman enclosure , fortified with raincoats or with newspapers to cover their heads .
Others huddled under the trees outside the fence .
Twenty minutes after the interruption , although it was still raining , the play was resumed at the point in the fourth act where it had been stopped .
Beatrice ( Nan Martin ) and Benedick ( J. D. Cannon ) took their places on the stage .
In their very first speeches it was clear that Shakespeare , like a Nostradamus , had foreseen this moment .
Said Benedick : `` Lady Beatrice , have you wept all this while '' ? ?
Replied Beatrice : `` Yea , and I will weep a while longer '' .
The heavens refused to give up their weeping .
The gallant company completed Act 4 , and got through part of Act 5 .
But the final scenes could not be played .
If any among the hardy hundreds who sat in the downpour are in doubt about how it comes out , let them take comfort .
`` Much Ado '' ends happily .
The Parks Department has done an admirable job of preparing the Wollman Rink for Shakespeare .
One could hardly blame Newbold Morris , the Parks Commissioner , for devoting so much grateful mention to the department's technicians who at short notice provided the stage with its rising platforms , its balcony , its generous wings and even its impressive trapdoors for the use of the villains .
Eldon Elder , who designed the stage , also created a gay , spacious set that blended attractively with the park background and Shakespeare's lighthearted mood .
Mr. Papp has directed a performance that has verve and pace , although he has tolerated obvious business to garner easy laughs where elegance and consistency of style would be preferable .
Elisabeth Schwarzkopf sang so magnificently Saturday night at Hunter College that it seems a pity to have to register any complaints .
Still a demurrer or two must be entered .
Schwarzkopf is , of course , Schwarzkopf .
For style and assurance , for a supreme and regal bearing there is still no one who can touch her .
If the voice is just a shade less glorious than it used to be , it is still a beautiful instrument , controlled and flexible .
Put to the service of lieder of Schubert , Brahms , Strauss and Wolf in a dramatical and musical way , it made its effect with ease and precision .
But what has been happening recently might be described as creeping mannerism .
Instead of her old confidence in the simplest , purest , most moving musical expression , Miss Schwarzkopf is letting herself be tempted by the classic sin of artistic pride -- that subtle vanity that sometimes misleads a great artist into thinking that he or she can somehow better the music by bringing to it something extra , some personal dramatic touch imposed from the outside .
The symptoms Saturday night were unmistakable .
Clever light songs were overly coy , tragic songs a little too melodramatic .
There was an extra pause here , a gasp or a sigh there , here and there an extra little twist of a word or note , all in the interest of effect .
The result was like that of a beautiful painting with some of the highlights touched up almost to the point of garishness .
There were stunning musical phrases too , and sometimes the deepest kind of musical and poetic absorption and communication .
Miss Schwarzkopf and her excellent pianist , John Wustman , often achieved the highest lyrical ideals of the lieder tradition .
All the more reason why there should have been no place for the frills ; ;
Miss Schwarzkopf is too great an artist to need them .
The dance , dancers and dance enthusiasts ( 8,500 of them ) had a much better time of it at Lewisohn Stadium on Saturday night than all had had two nights earlier , when Stadium Concerts presented the first of two dance programs .
On Saturday , the orchestra was sensibly situated down on the field , the stage floor was apparently in decent condition for dancing , and the order of the program improved .
There was , additionally , a bonus for the Saturday-night patrons .
Alvin Ailey and Carmen De Lavallade appeared in the first New York performance of Mr. Ailey's `` Roots Of The Blues '' , a work given its premiere three weeks ago at the Boston Arts Festival .
Otherwise , the program included , as on Thursday , the Taras-Tchaikovsky `` Design For Strings '' , the Dollar-Britten `` Divertimento '' , the Dollar-De Banfield `` The Duel '' and the pas de deux from `` The Nutcracker '' .
Maria Tallchief and Erik Bruhn , who danced the `` Nutcracker '' pas de deux , were also seen in the Petipa-Minkus pas de deux from `` Don Quixote '' , another brilliant showpiece that displayed their technical prowess handsomely .
Among the other solo ballet dancers of the evening , Elisabeth Carroll and Ivan Allen were particularly impressive in their roles in `` The Duel '' , a work that depends so much upon the precision and incisiveness of the two principal combatants .
Mr. Ailey's `` Roots Of The Blues '' , an earthy and very human modern dance work , provided strong contrast to the ballet selections of the evening .
As Brother John Sellers sang five `` blues '' to the guitar and drum accompaniments of Bruce Langhorne and Shep Shepard , Mr. Ailey and Miss De Lavallade went through volatile dances that were by turns insinuating , threatening , contemptuous and ecstatic .
Their props were two stepladders , a chair and a palm fan .
He wore the clothes of a laborer , and she was wondrously seductive in a yellow and orange dress .
The cat-like sinuousness and agility of both dancers were exploited in leaps , lifts , crawls and slides that were almost invariably compelling in a work of strong , sometimes almost frightening , tensions .
`` Roots Of The Blues '' may not be for gentle souls , but others should welcome its super-charged impact .
`` Perhaps it is better to stay at home .
The armchair traveler preserves his illusions '' .
This somewhat cynical comment may be found in `` Blue Skies , Brown Studies '' , a collection of travel essays by William Sansom , who would never consider staying home for long .
Mr. Sansom is English , bearded , formidably cultivated , the versatile author of numerous volumes of short stories , of novels and of pieces that are neither short stories nor travel articles but something midway between .
The only man alive who seems qualified by his learning , his disposition and his addiction to a baroque luxuriance of language to inherit the literary mantle of Sacheverell Sitwell , Mr. Sansom writes of foreign parts with a dedication to decoration worthy of a pastry chef creating a wedding cake for the marriage of a Hungarian beauty ( her third ) and an American multimillionaire ( his fourth ) .
The result is rather wonderful , but so rich as to be indigestible if taken in too thick slices .
There are sixteen essays in `` Blue Skies , Brown Studies '' .
Most of them were written between 1953 and 1960 and originally appeared in various magazines .
All are well written and are overwritten .
But , even if Mr. Sansom labors too hard to extract more refinements of meaning and feeling from his travel experiences than the limits of language allow , he still can charm and astound .
Too many books and articles are just assembled by putting one word after another .
Mr. Sansom actually writes his with a nice ear for a gracefully composed sentence , with an intense relish in all the metaphorical resources of English , with a thick shower of sophisticated , cultural references .
A contemplative connoisseur
`` I like to sniff a place , and reproduce what it really smells and looks like , its color , its particular kind of life '' .
This is an exact description of what Mr. Sansom does .
He ignores guidebook facts .
He only rarely tells a personal anecdote and hardly ever sketches an individual or quotes his opinions .
It is an over-all impression Mr. Sansom strives for , an impression compounded of visual details , of a savory mixture of smells , of much loving attention to architecture and scenery , of lights and shadows , of intangibles of atmosphere and of echoes of the past .
William Sansom writes only about Europe in this book and frequently of such familiar places as London , Vienna , the French Riviera and the Norwegian fjords .
But no matter what he writes about he brings to his subject his own original mind and his own sensitive reactions .
`` A writer lives , at best , in a state of astonishment '' , he says .
`` Beneath any feeling he has of the good or the evil of the world lies a deeper one of wonder at it all .
To transmit that feeling he writes '' .
This may not be true of many writers , but it certainly is true of Mr. Sansom .
So in these pages one can share his wonder at the traditional fiesta of St. Torpetius that still persists in St. Tropez ; ;
at the sun and the heat of Mediterranean lands , always much brighter and hotter to an Englishman than to an American used to summers in New York or Kansas City ; ;
at the supreme delights to be found in one of the world's finest restaurants , La Bonne Auberge , which is situated on the seacoast twenty miles west of the Nice airport ; ;
and at the infinite variety of London .
Mr. Sansom can be eloquent in a spectacular way which recalls ( to those who recall easily ) the statues of Bernini and the gigantic paintings of Tintoretto .
He can coin a neat phrase : `` a street spattered with an invigoration of people '' ; ;
tulips with `` petals wide and shaggy as a spaniel's ears '' ; ;
after a snowstorm a landscape smelling `` of woodsmoke and clarity '' .
And , for all his lacquered , almost Byzantine self-consciousness , he can make one recognize the aptness of an unexpected comparison .
Beauty borrowed from afar
In one of his best essays Mr. Sansom expresses his enthusiasm for the many country mansions designed by Andrea Palladio himself that dot the environs of Vicenza .
How far that pedimented and pillared style has shed its influence Mr. Sansom reminds us thus :
`` The white colonnaded , cedar-roofed Southern mansion is directly traceable via the grey and buff stone of grey-skied England to the golden stucco of one particular part of the blue South , the Palladian orbit stretching out from Vicenza : the old mind of Andrea Palladio still smiles from behind many an old rocking chair on a Southern porch , the deep friezes of his architectonic music rise firm above the shallower freeze in the kitchen , his feeling for light and shade brings a glitter from a tall mint julep , his sense of columns framing the warm velvet night has brought together a million couple of mating lips '' .
Nice , even if a trifle gaudy .
`` Blue Skies , Brown Studies '' is illustrated with numerous excellent photographs .
In recent days there have been extensive lamentations over the absence of original drama on television , but not for years have many regretted the passing of new plays on radio .
WBAI , the listener-supported outlet on the frequency-modulation band , has decided to do what it can to correct this aural void .
Yesterday it offered `` Poised For Violence '' , by Jean Reavey .
WBAI is on the right track : in the sound medium there has been excessive emphasis on music and news and there could and should be a place for theatre , as the Canadian and British Broadcasting Corporations continue to demonstrate .
Unfortunately , `` Poised For Violence '' was not the happiest vehicle with which to make the point .
Mrs. Reavey's work is written for the stage -- it is mentioned for an off-Broadway production in the fall -- and , in addition , employs an avant-garde structure that particularly needs to be seen if comprehension is to be encouraged .
The play's device is to explore society's obsession with disaster and violence through the eyes of a group of artist's models who remain part of someone else's painting rather than just be themselves .
In a succession of scenes they appear in different guises -- patrons of a cafe , performers in a circus and participants in a family picnic -- but in each instance they inevitably put ugliness before beauty .
Somewhere in Mrs. Reavey's play there is both protest and aspiration of merit .
But its relentless discursiveness and determined complexity are so overwhelming that after an hour and a half a listener's stamina begins to wilt .
Moreover , her central figures are so busily fulfilling their multitudinous assignments that none emerges as an arresting individual in his own right or as a provocative symbol of mankind's ills .
But quite conceivably an altogether different impression will obtain when the work is offered in the theatre and there can be other effects to relieve the burden on the author's words .
Which in itself is an immediate reward of the WBAI experiment ; ;
good radio drama has its own special demands that badly need reinvigoration .
A weekly showcase for contemporary music , from the austere archaism of Stravinsky to the bleeps and bloops of electronic music , is celebrating its fourth anniversary this month .
Titled `` What's New In Music '' ? ?
The enterprising program is heard Saturday afternoons on radio station Aj .
The brief notes introducing each work offer salient historical or technical points , and many listeners are probably grateful for being intelligently taken by the hand through an often difficult maze .
The show is programed and written by the station's assistant continuity editor , Chuck Briefer .
The first Saturday in each month is set aside for new recordings .
Last Saturday's interesting melange included Ernst Toch , Karlheinz Stockhausen , Richard Yardumian and a brief excerpt from a new `` space '' opera by the Swedish composer , Karl-Birger Blomdahl .
Other Saturdays are devoted to studies of a selected American composer , a particular type of music or the music of a given country .
It is commendable that a regularly scheduled hour is set aside for an introduction to the contemporary musical scene .
But one wishes , when the appetite is whetted , as it was in the case of the all-too-brief excerpt from the Blomdahl opera , that further opportunity would be provided both for hearing the works in their entirety and for a closer analytical look at the sense and nature of the compositions .
The Moiseyev Dance Company dropped in at Madison Square Garden last night for the first of four farewell performances before it brings its long American tour to a close .
It is not simply giving a repetition of the program it gave during its New York engagement earlier this season , but has brought back many of the numbers that were on the bill when it paid us its first visit and won everybody's heart .
It is good to see those numbers again .
The `` Suite Of Old Russian Dances '' that opened that inaugural program with the slow and modest entrance of the maidens and built steadily into typical Moiseyev vigor and warmth ; ;
the amusing `` Yurochka '' , in which a hard-to-please young man is given his come-uppance ; ;
the lovely ( and of course vigorous ) `` Polyanka '' or `` The Meadow '' ; ;
the three Moldavian dances entitled `` Zhok '' ; ;
the sweet and funny little dance about potato planting called `` Bul'ba '' ; ;
and the hilarious picture of social life in an earlier day called `` City Quadrille '' are all just as good as one remembers them to have been , and they are welcome back .
So , for that matter , are the newer dances -- the `` Kalmuk Dance '' with its animal movements , that genial juggling act by Sergei Tsvetkov called `` The Platter '' , the rousing and beautiful betrothal celebration called `` Summer '' , `` The Three Shepherds '' of Azerbaijan hopping up on their staffs , and , of course , the trenchant `` Rock 'n' Roll '' .
As autumn starts its annual sweep , few Americans and Canadians realize how fortunate they are in having the world's finest fall coloring .
Spectacular displays of this sort are relatively rare in the entire land surface of the earth .
The only other regions so blessed are the British Isles , western Europe , eastern China , southern Chile and parts of Japan , New Zealand and Tasmania .
Their autumn tints are all fairly low keyed compared with the fiery stabs of crimson , gold , purple , bronze , blue and vermilion that flame up in North America .
Jack Frost is not really responsible for this great seasonal spectacle ; ;
in fact , a freezing autumn dulls the blaze .
The best effects come from a combination of temperate climate and plenty of late-summer rain , followed by sunny days and cool nights .
Foliage pilgrimages , either organized or individual , are becoming an autumn item for more and more Americans each year .
Below is a specific guide , keyed to the calendar .
Nature
Canada .
Late September finds Quebec's color at its peak , especially in the Laurentian hills and in the area south of the St. Lawrence River .
In the Maritime provinces farther east , the tones are a little quieter .
Ontario's foliage is most vivid from about Sept. 23 to Oct. 10 , with both Muskoka ( 100 miles north of Toronto ) and Haliburton ( 125 miles northwest of Toronto ) holding color cavalcades starting Sept. 23 .
In the Canadian Rockies , great groves of aspen are already glinting gold .
New England .
Vermont's sugar maples are scarlet from Sept. 25 to Oct. 15 , and often hit a height in early October .
New Hampshire figures its peak around Columbus Day and boasts of all its hardwoods including the yellow of the birches .
The shades tend to be a little softer in the forests that blanket so much of Maine .
In western Massachusetts and northwest Connecticut , the Berkshires are at their vibrant prime the first week of October .
Middle Atlantic states .
The Adirondacks blaze brightest in early October , choice routes being 9N from Saratoga up to Lake George and 73 and 86 in the Lake Placid area .
Farther south in New York there is a heavy haze of color over the Catskills in mid-October , notably along routes 23 and 23A .
About the same time the Alleghenies and Poconos in Pennsylvania are magnificent -- Renovo holds its annual Flaming Foliage Festival on Oct. 14 , 15 .
New Jersey's color varies from staccato to pastel all the way from the Delaware Water Gap to Cape May .
Southeast .
During the first half of October the Blue Ridge and other parts of the Appalachians provide a spectacle stretching from Maryland and West Virginia to Georgia .
The most brilliant displays are along the Skyline Drive above Virginia's Shenandoah Valley and throughout the Great Smokies between North Carolina and Tennessee .
Midwest .
Michigan , Wisconsin and Minnesota have many superb stretches of color which reach their height from the last few days of September well into October , especially in their northern sections , e.g. , Wisconsin's Vilas County whose Colorama celebration is Sept. 29-Oct. 8 .
In Wisconsin , take route 55 north of Shawano or routes 78 and 60 from Portage to Prairie Du Chien .
In Michigan , there is fine color on route 27 up to the Mackinac Straits , while the views around Marquette and Iron Mountain in the Upper Peninsula are spectacular .
In Minnesota , Arrowhead County and route 53 north to International Falls are outstanding .
Farther south , there are attractive patches all the way to the Ozarks , with some seasonal peaks as late as early November .
Illinois' Shawnee National Forest , Missouri's Iron County and the maples of Hiawatha , Kan. should be at their best in mid-October .
The West .
The Rockies have many `` Aspencades '' , which are organized tours of the aspen areas with frequent stops at vantage points for viewing the golden panoramas .
In Colorado , Ouray has its Fall Color Week Sept. 22-29 , Rye and Salida both sponsor Aspencades Sept. 24 , and Steamboat Springs has a week-long Aspencade Sept. 25-30 .
New Mexico's biggest is at Ruidoso Oct. 7 , 8 , while Alamogordo and Cloudcroft cooperate in similar trips Oct. 1 .
Americana
pleasure domes .
Two sharply contrasting places designed for public enjoyment are now on display .
The Corn Palace at Mitchell , S. Dak. , `` the world's corniest building '' , has a carnival through Sept. 23 headlining the Three Stooges and Pee Wee Hunt .
Since 1892 ears of red , yellow , purple and white corn have annually been nailed to 11 big picture panels to create huge `` paintings '' .
The 1961 theme is the Dakota Territorial Centennial , with the pictures including the Lewis and Clark expedition , the first river steamboat , the 1876 gold rush , a little red schoolhouse on the prairie , and today's construction of large Missouri River reservoirs .
The panels will stay up until they are replaced next summer .
Longwood Gardens , near Kennett Square , Pa. ( about 12 miles from Wilmington , Del. ) , was developed and heavily endowed by the late Pierre S. Du Pont .
Every Wednesday night through Oct. 11 there will be an elaborate colored fountain display , with 229 nozzles throwing jets of water up to 130 feet .
The `` peacock tail '' nozzle throws a giant fan of water 100 feet wide and 40 feet high .
The gardens themselves are open free of charge the year round , and the 192 permanent employes make sure that not a dead or wilted flower is ever seen indoors or out by any visitor .
The greenhouses alone cover 3-1/2 acres .
Books
clock without hands .
Carson McCullers , after a long , painful illness that might have crushed a less-indomitable soul , has come back with an absolute gem of a novel which jumped high on best-seller lists even before official publication .
Though the subject -- segregation in her native South -- has been thoroughly worked , Miss McCullers uses her poet's instinct and storyteller's skill to reaffirm her place at the very top of modern American writing .
Franny and Zooey .
With an art that almost conceals art , J. D. Salinger can create a fictional world so authentic that it hurts .
Here , in the most eagerly awaited novel of the season ( his first since The Catcher In The Rye , ) he tells of a college girl in flight from the life around her and the tart but sympathetic help she gets from her 25-year-old brother .
The Head Of Monsieur M. ,
Althea Urn .
A deft , hilarious satire on very high French society involving a statesman with two enviable possessions , a lovely young bride and a head containing such weighty thoughts that he has occasionally to remove it for greater comfort .
There is probably a moral in all this about `` mind vs. heart '' .
A Matter Of Life And Death .
Virgilia Peterson , a critic by trade , has turned her critical eye pitilessly and honestly on herself in an autobiography more of the mind and heart than of specific events .
It is an engrossing commentary on a repressive , upper-middle-class New York way of life in the first part of this century .
Dark Rider .
This retelling by Louis Zara of the brief , anguished life of Stephen Crane -- poet and master novelist at 23 , dead at 28 -- is in novelized form but does not abuse its tragic subject .
Rural Free ,
Rachel Peden .
Subtitled A Farmwife's Almanac Of Country Living , this is a gentle and nostalgic chronicle of the changing seasons seen through the clear , humorous eye of a Hoosier housewife and popular columnist .
Russians , Filipinos .
Two noted troupes from overseas will get the fall dance season off to a sparkling start .
ically different influence on blood cholesterol .
