We are in a transitional stage in which many of the connotations of former usage have had to be revised or rejected.

One of the most widespread features of contemporary thought is the almost universal disbelief in the reality of spirit.

Just a few centuries ago the world of spirits was as populous and real as the world of material entities.

The scientific debunking of the spirit world has been in a way too successful and too thorough.

We simply find ourselves in the position of having no means for inquiring into the structure and meaning of this range of our experience.

Science has simply left us helpless and powerless in this important sector of our lives.

As the play opens the audience is introduced to the community of Salem in Puritan America at the end of the eighteenth century.

Everyone in Salem , saint and sinner alike , is swept up by it.

I hear the boot of Lucifer , I see his filthy face.

Yet are not we of the mid-twentieth century , who rightly do not believe there is any such thing as the devil , just as bad off as they only in a different way .

And his belief is not to his discredit.

The reality of spirit emerges in this play in spite of the author's convictions to the contrary.

There is nothing in the whole range of human experience more widely known and universally felt than spirit.

Surely this is a reality we all acknowledge.

It is not material and is not a thing occupying space and time.

Yet it exists and has an objective reality which can be experienced and known.

Every community , if it is alive has a spirit , and that spirit is the center of its unity and identity .

For it is primarily in community that we know and experience spirit.

It is spirit which gives life to a community and causes it to cohere.

Yet the spirit which lives in community is not identical with the community.

The idea of community and the idea of spirit are two distinct and separable ideas .

One characteristic of the spirit in community is its givenness .

The members of the community do not create the spirit but rather find it present and waiting for them.

It is for them a given which they and they alone possess .

This does not mean that mythological language as such can no longer be used in theology and preaching .

I came to England last summer to do research on the unpublished letters of Cardinal Newman.

As an American Catholic of Irish ancestry , I came with certain preconceptions and expectations .

Nowhere have I seen public expression of anti-Catholicism .

The article proceeded to give an inaccurate account of a Catholic plot to kill King James 1.

Now , in 1961 , the Catholic population of England is still quite small.

A further 260 Anglican churches have been demolished since 1948.

An Anglican clergyman in Oxford sadly but frankly acknowledged to me that this is true.

It is clear from such reports that Protestants are decreasing and Catholics increasing.

Many English Catholics are proud of their Catholicism and know that they are in a new ascendancy.

She found this a marvel because , as she said , only six per cent of English people are churchgoers.

That day is perhaps today , 1961 , and it seems no longer very meaningful to call England a Protestant country.

With traditional nationalistic spirit , some Englishmen claim that English Catholicism is Catholicism at its best.

I have found myself saying with other foreigners here that English Catholics are good Catholics .

One of the ironies of the present crusade for Christian unity is that there are not many real Christians to unite .

The Protestant themselves are the first to admit the great falling off in effective membership in their churches.

Adam and Eve were perfect , not in the sense that they possessed perfection , but in the sense that they were capable of development toward perfection .

They were , in fact , children .

Irenaeus does not claim pre-existence for the human soul.

therefore there is no need for him , as there is for Origen , to identify existence itself with the fall .

Existence is created and willed by God and is not the consequence of a pre-existent rebellion or of a cosmic descent from eternity into history .

Historical existence is a created good .

The biblical symbol for this affirmation is expressed in the words :  So God created man in his own image.

in the similitude of God he created him .

yet each historical event remains unique .

Christ is both unique and universal .

And reasons other than employee need contributed to the growth.

Table 1 immediately below shows the rate of growth of vehicles and employees.

With few exceptions travelers on state business are allowed actual travel expenses and $15 per day subsistence.

Travel allowances are well-regulated and pose little problem in administration and/or audit control.

Origin of state automobile practices general background.

It is difficult to pinpoint the time of origin of the state purchasing automobiles for use of employees in Rhode Island.

Few records are available concerning the subject prior to 1940.

The Registry of Motor Vehicles indicates that at least one state automobile was registered as far back as 1917.

It should be enough to say that the practice of the state buying automobiles is at least forty years old.

At that time highway engineers traveled rough and dirty roads to accomplish their duties.

Guidance and advice are available on new product research and development.

Advice is given also on problems of plant location and plant space.

It is kept in each Regional office for the small firms within the region.

Participation loans are those made jointly by the SBA and banks or other private lending institutions.

A small business is defined as one which is independently owned and operated and which is not dominant in its field.

If nothing is produced , there is no obligation to repay.

Each applicant is required to own or have sufficient interest in the property to be explored.

Funds contributed by the Government are repaid by a royalty on production from the property.

The royalty applies to both principal and interest , but it never exceeds 5 percent.

Neither growth nor a development program can be imposed on a country.

it must express the nation's own will and goal.

Only rarely is attention given to accurate progress reports and evaluation.

The application of conditions in the allocation of aid funds cannot , of course , be mechanical.

I did so because I agree with so many here today , that he is the beloved Speaker of all the people of the United States.

He was fatherly in his handling of all subjects with me and tremendously wise in his counsel.

I am highly privileged today to commemorate the brilliant career of this parliamentary giant.

He will ever be my example as a true statesman.

He has become in this half century the grand old man of American history.

In the same way I like to think we owe our loyalty as legislators to our community , our district , our State.

There is no such thing as being diligent about national affairs but indifferent about home needs.

And Sam Rayburn is a great man, one who will go down in American history as a truly great leader of the Nation.

In this role of father confessor , he has always been most characteristic and most helpful.

Origin of state automobile practices.

The practice of state-owned vehicles for use of employees on business dates back over forty years .

At least one state vehicle was in existence in 1917.

The state presently owns 389 passenger vehicles in comparison to approximately 200 in 1940.

Purchase of state vehicles is handled similarly to all state purchases.

The state has recently undertaken liability insurance for drivers of state cars.

Automobile practices in other states.

Forty-seven states assign or provide vehicles for employees on state business.

Need for sound tax policy.

Many mills have already placed firm orders for this machine .

Long term loans have been reduced by $395,000 to $2,461,000 .

Inventories increased $625,561 to $8,313,514 during the year and should decline in coming months .

Thus we enter 1961 in a strong financial position .

These extra-curricular activities are conducted under supervision of the Director of the Student Workshop .

The workshop is open five afternoons and two evenings each week .

The group meets once a week in the Boliou Student Workshop .

They are assisted and advised by members of the Art Department.

It is issued weekly throughout the college year .

After all , a guy's gotta have a little ego.

Of course he likes doing some exercising .

He's crazy about water skiing and swimming and this vigorous exercise in conjunction with the added food supplements packed pounds of solid muscle on his skinny frame .

Henri has always had shapely legs from swimming and water skiing and really doesn't have to work them very much .

But he was totally dissatisfied with his upper body .

It places terrific tension on the leg muscles from start to finish of each repetition .

It improves over-all balance and control for the bodybuilder , and helps to make Squats more easily and more correctly performed .

It increases flexibility of the legs .

It's a complete thigh contraction-extension exercise .

Physique contests are rarely won on muscle size alone .

You should have a couple of training partners to stand by when you make your first experiments just for safety .

You should also begin this exercise with a very light barbell until you become accustomed to it balance-wise .

He seemed puzzled by my question .

Now raise the weight by straightening your front leg , without moving your feet .

Place a suitably-loaded barbell across them .

grasp the bar ( which will rest against the back of your neck .

extend your feet forward and backward until you are in a deep leg split .

a criterion of muscle drama that is unforgettable to judges and audiences alike .

the facet of muscular development that wins prizes .

Indeed , a lighter weight works much better because a greater , more extensive split can be performed .

It is no harder to raise big , healthy , blooming plants than weak , sickly little things.

But you will never get better flowers than the seed you grow.

Many people think that pansies last only a few weeks , then their period of growth and bloom is over .

If the plants are cared for and protected over the winter , the second year is more prolific than the first .

Remove about half the branches from each plant , leaving only the strongest with the largest buds .

They stick to their principles , insist upon their due , but grow and bloom with dependable regularity if given it .

Treat them right and they'll make a showing every month in the year except the frigid ones .

Give them food , some shade , mulch , water and more food , and they'll repay your solicitude with beauty .

It has a great many assets to recommend it and if you haven't made avocado a part of your diet yet , you really should.

You will find that avocado is unlike any other fruit you have ever tasted .

The avocado should have a '' give '' to it , as you hold it , when it is ripe .

The flavor is neither sweet , like a pear , nor tart like an orange .

it is subtle and rather bland , nut-like .

Probably no one needs to tell you that the way to stop all bloom is to let the blossoms go to seed .

Nature's aim , different from ours , is to provide for the coming generation .

That done , her work is accomplished and she ignores the plant .

Here is a word of advice when you go shopping for your pansy seeds .

Go to a reputable grower , preferably a pansy specialist .

An unheated greenhouse would have been better , if I had had one .

In response to the lengthening days of February they budded , then bloomed their 4-inch velvety flowers .

It is no harder to raise big , healthy , blooming plants than weak , sickly little things .

in fact it is easier .

t is brought to packing houses , cleaned and graded as to size and quality , and packed in protective excelsior .

The fruit is then cooled to 42-degrees-F. , a temperature at which it lapses into a sort of dormant state .

This happens on the grocer's shelf or in your kitchen .

One of the most attractive things about avocados is that they do not require processing of any kind .

There is no dyeing or waxing or gassing needed .

The will of its people , so crucial in time of peril , would be broken .

Nuclear weapons have given the world the means for self-destruction in hours or days .

and now rockets have given it the means to destroy itself in minutes .

The answers the girls give struck me as reasonably varied and healthily individual .

If most of them weren't exactly specific -- well , that's the way it is in life , I guess .

`` Where The Boys Are '' also has a juvenile bounce that makes for a refreshing venture in comedy .

Most of the female faces are new , or at least not too familiar .

Dolores Hart , is charming in a leading role , and quite believable .

I was delighted with Paula Prentiss' comedy performance , which was as fresh and unstilted as one's highest hopes might ask .

A couple of the males made good comedy , too -- Jim Hutton and Frank Gorshin ..

I must say , however , that I preferred the acting that had something of a biting edge to it .

The second feature , `` The Price Of Silence '' , is a British detective story that will talk your head off .

The superb intellectual and spiritual vitality of William James was never more evident than in his letters .

Furthermore , he's something of a scoundrel , an artist whose mind and feelings are all finger-tips .

This is in contrast to the family with whom he boards .

They not only think and feel cliches but live cliches as well .

An unsuccessful playwright and actor , he has faith only in himself and in a talent he is not sure exists .

By the end of the third act , the artist is dead but the body lingers on , a shell among other shells .

It is awfully talky , for instance , and not all of the talk is terribly impressive .

But it strikes sparks on occasion and their light causes all else to be forgotten .

The second feature , `` The Price Of Silence '' , is a British detective story that will talk your head off .

The superb intellectual and spiritual vitality of William James was never more evident than in his letters .

Here was a man with an enormous gift for living as well as thinking .

All are well written and are overwritten .

The elements of elegance and color in Jannequin are strong French characteristics .

Baroque instrumental music in Italy and Germany tends to be strong , lively , intense , controlled and quite abstract .

In France , it remained always more picturesque , more dancelike , more full of flavor .

Both composers turn up on new imports from France .

Thus there was really an excess of eighteenth-century charm as one of these light-weight pieces followed another on Saturday night .

Each might find a useful place in a varied musical program , but taken together they grew quite tiresome .

The performances were variable , those of the full ensemble being generally satisfying , some by soloists proving rather trying .

They were accompanied by Anna Mi Lee , pianist .

Selections from fifteen countries were sung as solos and duets in a broad range of languages .

This was not a program intended to illustrate authentic folk styles .

There was , therefore , more musical substance in the concert than might have been the case otherwise .

The performances were assured , communicative and pleasingly informal .

What was omitted from `` A Neglected Education '' were those essentials known as `` the facts of life '' .

The poor uneducated newlywed , a certain Gontran De Boismassif , has his problems in getting the necessary information .

hey just sat back on their haunches and cried for more , as though they could never get enough .

They were rewarded with splendid , exciting , singing .

Her `` Rockabye Your Baby '' was as good as it can be done , and her really personal songs , like `` The Man That Got Away '' were deeply moving .

She was generous with her encores and the audience was equally so with its cheers and applause and flowers .

But , alas , the authenticity seems to stop at the set's edge .

The storyline , in sort , is wildly unrealistic .

Thus , in `` The Story Of Ruth '' we have Ruth , Naomi , and Boaz and sets that are meticulously authentic .

And in the new `` King Of Kings '' the plot involves intrigues and twists and turns that cannot be traced to the Gospels .

He talked about unauthentic storylines too .

He intimated that they weren't doing the country much good in the Cold War .

And to an industry that prides itself on authenticity , he urged greater realism .

Would we want a future-day Gibbon or Macaulay recounting the saga of America with movies as his prime source of knowledge .

Yet for much of the globe , Hollywood is just that -- prime , if not sole , source of knowledge .

He is now president of the Chicago Conservatory College .

Drums , xylophones , castanets , and other percussive instruments are reproduced remarkably well .